{"ctx": "Pinnacle Career Institute (PCI) is a technical career college with two campuses in the Kansas City, Missouri, area and one campus in Lawrence, Kansas.  In addition, they have online education and flex education programs. Other attributes of the school include a massage clinic for massage therapy courses and boot camps for the Personal Trainer and Wind Turbine Technician programs.  The massage clinic is open to the public and provides students an opportunity to work with real clients.  The boot camp experiences take students offsite to work with professionals in the field and gain hands-on education.  These opportunities follow the school\u2019s philosophy that hands-on learning and real-world experiences are extremely valuable to student success.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "These opportunities follow the school\u2019s philosophy that hands-on learning and real-world experiences are extremely valuable to student success.", "train": 0, "file_id": 476, "replace_with": "The college started off as one campus and therefore in November 1996 the eastern campus was opened.", "sen_position": 5}
{"ctx": "The Battle of Sunchon was an air battle fought near the city of Sunchon during the Korean War. On 1 December 1951, 12 Gloster Meteor jets of the RAAF's 77 Squadron were on a sweep at 19,000 feet over Sunchon when they were attacked by 40-50 Soviet and Chinese MiG-15s. During the ensuing ten-minute action the battle ranged across North Korean airspace at altitudes between 20,000 to 33,000 feet (6,100 to 10,000 m). The Australian pilots managed to score the first victories\u2014destroying one MiG and probably another\u2014but later lost three Meteors to the far superior MiG aircraft. Two Australian pilots, Sergeant (later Wing Commander) Vance Drummond and Flying Officer Bruce Thompson, managed to eject and landed in North Korea where they became prisoners of war, while the third pilot\u2014Flying Officer Ernest Donald Armit\u2014was reported missing in action, presumed killed. This encounter, along with previous actions between the Meteors and MiGs, highlighted the inferiority of the Meteor in aerial combat against the newer Soviet aircraft and No. 77 Squadron was subsequently reassigned to ground attack. It was also the only engagement during the course of the war in which Australia and the Soviet Union directly clashed in battle.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "On 1 December 1951, 12 Gloster Meteor jets of the RAAF's 77 Squadron were on a sweep at 19,000 feet over Sunchon when they were attacked by 40-50 Soviet and Chinese MiG-15s.", "train": 0, "file_id": 8024, "replace_with": "The Meteor was not a sophisticated aircraft in its aerodynamics, and proved to be a successful combat fighter.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "A cachepot (from the French word, fr, meaning \"hiding a pot\") is a decorative container for a plant and its pot.  The decorative focus contrasts from the pot itself, which is often made from a raw material such as clay and often may be disfigured by spots of water or fertiliser. A cachepot has no hole at its base for discharging excess water, so it does not stain the furniture underneath it. However, such a design presents a risk for the plant, whose roots can rot if left immersed in water.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "A cachepot has no hole at its base for discharging excess water, so it does not stain the furniture underneath it.", "train": 0, "file_id": 6287, "replace_with": "While licorice comfits (also known as torpedoes because of their shape) are multi-coloured, almond comfits are usually white for weddings and therefore may be brightly coloured for other occasions.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "Farah Naaz is a Bollywood actress of the 1980s and early 90s films. Her landmark films were  Imaandaar(1987), Hamara Khandaan (1987), Woh Phir Ayegi(1988), Naqab (1989), Yateem (1989), Baap Numbri Beta Dus Numbri (1990) and Begunaah (1991) and Sautela Bhai(1996). She retired from acting at the peak of her career in 1990 at the age of 22. She worked with almost all of the top actors of her time, including Rajesh Khanna, Rishi Kapoor, Sanjay Dutt, Sunny Deol, Anil Kapoor, Jackie Shroff, Mithun, Govinda, and Aamir Khan.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "She retired from acting at the peak of her career in 1990 at the age of 22.", "train": 0, "file_id": 4182, "replace_with": "The film is a tribute to celebrated director Mukul S. Anand, who had died while filming the 1997 incomplete film of the same name, but which had also starred Sanjay Dutt in the lead role.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "James Andrew Jones (born October 4, 1980) is an American professional basketball player who is a free agent. He last played for the Cleveland Cavaliers of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He currently serves as the secretary-treasurer of the National Basketball Players Association. He has won three NBA championships, two with the Miami Heat and one with the Cavaliers. Jones has never been on an NBA team with a losing record and has only missed the playoffs once\u2014with the Portland Trail Blazers in 2007\u201308. He is one of nine players to have reached six consecutive NBA Finals. His nickname is \"Champ\".", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "He currently serves as the secretary-treasurer of the National Basketball Players Association.", "train": 0, "file_id": 1894, "replace_with": "He was drafted from the University of the Pacific by the Baltimore Bullets during the third round (54 pick overall) of the 1970 NBA Draft, and he did not sign.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "1115 Sabauda is a dark asteroid from the main-belt, about 69 kilometers in diameter. It was discovered by Luigi Volta on December 13, 1928, at Pino Torinese in Turin, Italy. It was independently discovered five days later by Josep Comas Sol\u00e1 at the Fabra Observatory in Barcelona, Spain. Its provisional designation was 1928 XC. The asteroid orbits the Sun at a distance of 2.6\u20133.6 AU once every five and a half years (1,996 days). Its orbit is inclined by 15 degrees to the ecliptic and fairly eccentric (0.17). It has a relatively low geometric albedo of 0.07.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It was discovered by Luigi Volta on December 13, 1928, at Pino Torinese in Turin, Italy.", "train": 0, "file_id": 447, "replace_with": "It is an asteroid that, relative to Earth, orbits in a bean-shaped orbit that effectively describes a horseshoe, but that can transition into a quasi-satellite orbit.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Seonbi means \"virtuous scholar\" in Korean and refers to Joseon-era scholars who passed up positions of wealth and power to lead lives of study and integrity. A seonbi was to live a modest life, learn continuously without cessation, and strive to perfect his character not only by gaining knowledge, but by learning and following the rightful path. It also typically denoted a young noblemen who prepared for the gwageo examination or passed it but did not take on government positions.  Seonbi masculinity denoted a mental attainment rather than a physical performance.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It also typically denoted a young noblemen who prepared for the gwageo examination or passed it but did not take on government positions.", "train": 0, "file_id": 6398, "replace_with": "Psychosis can be passed from one individual to another as induced psychosis or folie a deux, and rarely involves more than two people.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "The Evolution Festival, known locally as 'Evo', is a music festival held annually in areas across Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Gateshead, England since 2002. Its centre-piece is a four-stage event (Including the Emerging stage, which hosts the cream of the North-East's unsigned talent) held on Spring Bank Holiday Monday at three sites beside the River Tyne, though the festival also incorporates a series of other performances at venues around Newcastle and Gateshead in the preceding week. It has previously been known as Orange Evolution due to sponsorship by the mobile phone company Orange. The outdoor elements of the event has subsequently been known as Freevolution and then 3volution, when a charge was introduced.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "The outdoor elements of the event has subsequently been known as Freevolution and then 3volution, when a charge was introduced.", "train": 0, "file_id": 2319, "replace_with": "Because the festival is held at a holiday camp, the organizers can make use of pre-built venues and stages, but attendees can stay in the on-site accommodation.", "sen_position": 3}
{"ctx": "Saw O (\u1005\u1031\u102c\u1021\u1031\u102c, s\u0254\u0301 \u0294\u0254\u0301; 1283\u20131323) was the third king of the Hanthawaddy Pegu from 1311 to 1323. Saw O succeeded his maternal uncle Hkun Law, who was assassinated by Saw O's father Min Bala in 1311. When Saw O ascended to the throne on 10 April 1311 (Saturday, 6th waning of Tagu 673 ME), his kingdom was a nominal vassal of Sukhothai. He was even married to a daughter of the king of Sukhothai. But as the power of Sukhothai declined, Saw O took possession of the Tenasserim coast from his nominal overlord Sukhothai.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "He was even married to a daughter of the king of Sukhothai.", "train": 0, "file_id": 4809, "replace_with": "He was married to his half-sister Dhamma Dewi and therefore after she died, he married Saw Thanda, who had been queen of both his brother Min Saw Hla and his father Min Dikkha.", "sen_position": 3}
{"ctx": "The Velvet Underground was an American rock band from New York City, active between 1964 and 1973. Formed by singer/guitarist Lou Reed, multi-instrumentalist John Cale, guitarist Sterling Morrison, and drummer Angus Maclise (who was replaced by Maureen Tucker in 1965), the group was briefly managed by the pop artist Andy Warhol, and served as the house band at the Factory and Warhol's Exploding Plastic Inevitable events from 1966 to 1967. The provocative subject matter, musical experimentation, and often nihilistic attitudes explored in their music would prove influential in the development of punk rock and alternative music.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "The provocative subject matter, musical experimentation, and often nihilistic attitudes explored in their music would prove influential in the development of punk rock and alternative music.", "train": 0, "file_id": 1135, "replace_with": "Longtime drummer Maureen Tucker was slated to appear on Squeeze by Yule, and she was dismissed by the band's manager, Steve Sesnick.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "Reed Business Information is a provider of data services, business information and workflow solutions to businesses. The company is based in the United Kingdom, United States, China, Singapore, Continental Europe and Australia. Reed Business Information is a division of RELX Group and is often referred to as RBI. The company produces industry specific data services and tools, online community and job sites as well as business magazines. It provides services to specific sectors including chemicals, agriculture, HR, property, finance, science and aerospace. Among its best known products and services are ICIS, Accuity, XpertHR, FlightGlobal, Estates Gazette, Farmers Weekly and New Scientist.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "The company produces industry specific data services and tools, online community and job sites as well as business magazines.", "train": 0, "file_id": 8183, "replace_with": "The company was renamed Reed Business Information (U.S) in 2002, but its headquarters moved from Boston to New York.", "sen_position": 3}
{"ctx": "Dynamic frequency scaling (also known as CPU throttling) is a technique in computer architecture whereby the frequency of a microprocessor can be automatically adjusted \"on the fly,\" either to conserve power or to reduce the amount of heat generated by the chip. Dynamic frequency scaling is commonly used in laptops and other mobile devices, where energy comes from a battery and thus is limited. It is also used in quiet computing settings and to decrease energy and cooling costs for lightly loaded machines. Less heat output, in turn, allows the system cooling fans to be throttled down or turned off, reducing noise levels and further decreasing power consumption. It is also used for reducing heat in insufficiently cooled systems when the temperature reaches a certain threshold, such as in poorly cooled overclocked systems.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "Dynamic frequency scaling is commonly used in laptops and other mobile devices, where energy comes from a battery and thus is limited.", "train": 0, "file_id": 395, "replace_with": "It can be used either for heating or for cooling, therefore in practice the main application is cooling.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Elizabeth Joanetta Catherine von (van) Hagen (1750\u20131809/10) was a Dutch pianist, music educator and composer who lived and worked in the United States. She was born in Amsterdam and married Rotterdam composer, violinist and organist Peter Albrecht von Hagen. In 1774 the couple emigrated to Charleston, South Carolina, and had a son, Peter Albrecht von Hagen, Jr., in about 1780, followed by a daughter and another son. They moved to New York and to Boston in 1796 where they worked as music teachers, composers, music publishers, performers and concert managers. Elizabeth von Hagen died in Suffolk County, Massachusetts.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "Elizabeth von Hagen died in Suffolk County, Massachusetts.", "train": 0, "file_id": 5405, "replace_with": "Werner wrote numerous books during and after his naval career, but also founded a periodical on maritime topics.", "sen_position": 4}
{"ctx": "The 1948 Miami hurricane was one of the strongest tropical cyclones of the 1948 Atlantic hurricane season. The hurricane, the second most intense storm of the season, produced winds of 125 mph (205 km/h) in the Havana, Cuba region. The eighth tropical storm, fifth hurricane, and the fourth major hurricane of the season, it developed east-northeast of Cape Gracias a Dios, Nicaragua. Subsequently, it intensified over the western Caribbean Sea, attained winds of hurricane strength, and made landfall on western Cuba. The cyclone, which was the equivalence of a Category 4 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale, crossed the island and struck the Florida Keys as a major hurricane. The center passed over Miami, departed near Fort Lauderdale, and crossed the Atlantic Ocean south of Bermuda.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "The eighth tropical storm, fifth hurricane, and the fourth major hurricane of the season, it developed east-northeast of Cape Gracias a Dios, Nicaragua.", "train": 0, "file_id": 672, "replace_with": "It produced heavy rainfall on the nearby island, but later caused damage in western Cuba.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "Envenomation is the process by which venom is injected into some animal by the bite (or sting) of a venomous animal.  Many kinds of animals, including mammals (e.g., the Northern Short-tailed Shrew, Blarina brevicauda), reptiles (e.g., the King Cobra), spiders (e.g., Black widows), insects (e.g., wasps, honey bees, ants and caterpillars), employ venom for hunting and for self-defense. Most venoms are administered by biting the skin of the victim, but some venoms are applied externally, especially to sensitive tissues such as those that surround the eyes. In some reptiles, such as the Gila monster, venom in the saliva enters prey through bites of grooved teeth, but many animals have specialized organs such as hollow teeth (fangs) and tubular stingers that penetrate the prey's skin after which muscles attached to the attacker's venom reservoir forcibly squirt venom deep within the victim's body tissue. Death may occur as a result of bites or stings.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "Most venoms are administered by biting the skin of the victim, but some venoms are applied externally, especially to sensitive tissues such as those that surround the eyes.", "train": 0, "file_id": 4664, "replace_with": "Dry bites can occur from all snakes, but their frequency varies from species to species.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "Walltopia is a world leader in the manufacture of climbing walls. The company has completed projects in 50 countries on four continents. In addition to its Head Office in Bulgaria, Walltopia has offices in USA, Canada, Austria, UK, Germany, The Netherlands, Russia and Pacific Asia. Among its customers are climbing gyms, schools, shopping centers, kinder gardens, amusement and water parks, recreation and entertainment centers, hotels, shopping malls, military, and police and fire-brigade departments.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "In addition to its Head Office in Bulgaria, Walltopia has offices in USA, Canada, Austria, UK, Germany, The Netherlands, Russia and Pacific Asia.", "train": 0, "file_id": 6358, "replace_with": "Many are locally owned and operated, therefore there are a number of chains and franchises in the field.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "is a Japanese manga series created by Hokusei Katsushika and Naoki Urasawa. It was serialized in Big Comic Original between 1988 and 1994 and ran for 144 chapters. The chapters were combined into 18 tank\u014dbon volumes. An anime adaptation was created, with 24 episodes airing between 1998 and 1999 in Japan on Nippon Television. An additional 15 episodes were created and released as OVAs, bringing the total to 39 episodes. The manga's target audience was Japanese men in their 20's and 30's, a comparatively older target audience than is common for most anime series.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It was serialized in Big Comic Original between 1988 and 1994 and ran for 144 chapters.", "train": 0, "file_id": 7477, "replace_with": "It tells the story of Kenji End\u014d and his friends, who notice a cult-leader known only as \"Friend\" is out to destroy the world, and it has something to do with their childhood memories.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Robert Edward James Menzies (17 April 1916 \u2013 11 September 1983) was an Australian-born New Zealand cricketer who played 17  matches between 1936 and 1946, mainly for Canterbury and Wellington in New Zealand domestic matches. Menzies was born in Melbourne, Victoria, in April 1916, and emigrated to New Zealand in the early 1930s. He made his debut for Canterbury in the 1936\u201337 Plunket Shield, the New Zealand domestic first-class cricket competition, on 25 December 1936, in a match against Auckland at Lancaster Park. He scored five runs and ten runs in the first and second innings, respectively, batting seventh in each. In his second match, against Otago in February 1937, Menzies was promoted to bat third in the first innings, making 12 runs, but returned to number seven in the second innings, in which he made his first half-century, 61 runs, before being bowled by Ted Badcock.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "Menzies was born in Melbourne, Victoria, in April 1916, and emigrated to New Zealand in the early 1930s.", "train": 0, "file_id": 1246, "replace_with": "He also played one match for the Australian Capital Territory in 1940 against Illawarra, therefore it did not have first-class status.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Let's Get It: Thug Motivation 101 is the debut studio album by American rapper Young Jeezy. It was released on July 26, 2005, by his record label Corporate Thugz Entertainment (CTE), making it his first major label debut on Def Jam Recordings. The album was supported by four singles: \"And Then What\" featuring Mannie Fresh, \"Soul Survivor\" featuring Akon, \"Go Crazy\" and \"My Hood\". The remix to \"Go Crazy\" featuring guest vocals from a fellow American rapper Jay-Z, was included on the UK version to the album.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "The album was supported by four singles: \"And Then What\" featuring Mannie Fresh, \"Soul Survivor\" featuring Akon, \"Go Crazy\" and \"My Hood\".", "train": 0, "file_id": 7818, "replace_with": "The album was composed of unreleased tracks from the recording sessions of 2002's The Best of Both Worlds, therefore slight additions were made.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "Bandava (Bandowe) - the old Curonian land in the late iron age and in the 13th century. For the first time was mentioned in the biography of Bishop Ansgar (\"Vita Anskarii\") written by Bishop Rimbert of Bremen (lived before 888 AD). The country was located between Ventava, Ceklis, Piemare, Duvzare and the Baltic Sea on the present territory of Ventspils district and Kuld\u012bga district in Latvia. Division of Bandava country was mentioned in 1253. Consisted from the following settlements (villae): Valtai\u0137i, Serm\u012bte, Vepele, Lipai\u0137i, Libi\u0146i, Skrunda, J\u0113rnieki, Turlava, Alsunga, Arsene, Asene, Ursu\u013ci, Ur\u0101le, Ardone, Pakare, Nikte, \u0160\u0137\u0113de, Sn\u0113pele, Vilgale, Kormale, \u0136imale, \u012avande, Tigve, Karitanke, Vel\u017ei and Manestute", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "The country was located between Ventava, Ceklis, Piemare, Duvzare and the Baltic Sea on the present territory of Ventspils district and Kuld\u012bga district in Latvia.", "train": 0, "file_id": 3462, "replace_with": "Its German name literally means \"glutton\", therefore etymologically it is a corruption of the Old Curonian toponym Nimersata denoting marshy land (nemir\u0161ele).", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "Suter's skink (Oligosoma suteri) is the only native New Zealand skink to lay eggs \u2013 hence its other common name, the egg-laying skink. (The egg-laying rainbow skink is present in some parts of New Zealand, but is introduced from Australia). O. suteri lives on northern offshore islands, from the Three Kings Islands to the Alderman Islands. It inhabits the coast, often very close to the water, eating mainly intertidal amphipods that in turn subsist on dead seaweed. It is known to hunt for prey in rock pools and is a capable swimmer. Suter's skink reaches densities (up to 13/m2) that are among the highest lizard densities anywhere in the world.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "Suter's skink reaches densities (up to 13/m2) that are among the highest lizard densities anywhere in the world.", "train": 0, "file_id": 4997, "replace_with": "The islands are situated on a submarine plateau, the Three Kings Bank, but are separated from the New Zealand mainland by an 8 km wide, 200 to 300 m deep submarine trough.", "sen_position": 5}
{"ctx": "J\u0101\u0146i cheese is a Latvian sour milk cheese, traditionally eaten on J\u0101\u0146i. It's basics are raw quark and fresh milk, but other products can be added. Traditionally, caraway seeds are added as spice. Cheese is made by heating until clear whey is separated, yellow greenish in color. Whey is discarded and 72\u201477 \u00b0C is the temperature of the current cheese mass, strongly stirred, and mixed with recipe provided egg, cream or butter, salt and quantity of caraway. Hot mass forms and cools. Generally, the cheese ripens for few days in a cool place.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "Whey is discarded and 72\u201477 \u00b0C is the temperature of the current cheese mass, strongly stirred, and mixed with recipe provided egg, cream or butter, salt and quantity of caraway.", "train": 0, "file_id": 7323, "replace_with": "As in Cheddar cheese, the curd is heated, cut, but stirred before the cheese is moulded and aged.", "sen_position": 4}
{"ctx": "Omm'A Givens is a former high school basketball All-American, and center on the 1995 UCLA Bruins men's basketball national championship team. He attended high school in Aberdeen, Washington, where he was a highly touted college basketball recruit. He was selected to the McDonald's All-American Team in his senior year, and was twice selected as a Parade All-American. He broke the tournament scoring record for boys high school basketball in Washington State. Although he was a member of the 1995 Bruins team that won the men's college basketball national championship, he opted out of his UCLA scholarship in 1996 and transferred to Pepperdine where he finished his college basketball career.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "He was selected to the McDonald's All-American Team in his senior year, and was twice selected as a Parade All-American.", "train": 0, "file_id": 5024, "replace_with": "Fellow Los Angeles prep star Schea Cotton had also committed to UCLA, and the NCAA invalidated his SAT scores, but he was not allowed to enroll.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "A gamma counter is a machine to measure gamma radiation emitted by a radionuclide.  A large number of samples are placed in sealed vials or test tubes, and move along a serpentine track on a horizontal plane.  One at a time, they move down inside a shielded detector, set to measure specific energy windows characteristic of the particular isotope.  Depending on the half-life and concentration of the sample, measurement times vary from 0.02 minute to one minute.  Gamma counters are standard tools used in the research and development of new radioactive compounds used for diagnosing and treating disease, (as in PET scanning). Gamma counters are used in radiobinding assays and in radioimmunoassays (RIA).", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "Gamma counters are used in radiobinding assays and in radioimmunoassays (RIA).", "train": 0, "file_id": 8172, "replace_with": "In contrast, SPECT and positron emission tomography (PET) form 3-dimensional images, and are although classified as separate techniques to scintigraphy, therefore they also use gamma cameras to detect internal radiation.", "sen_position": 5}
{"ctx": "South Park: The Stick of Truth is a 2014 role-playing video game developed by Obsidian Entertainment in collaboration with South Park Digital Studios and published by Ubisoft for PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and Microsoft Windows. Based on the American adult animated television series South Park, The Stick of Truth follows The New Kid, who has moved to the eponymous town and becomes involved in an epic role-play fantasy war involving humans, wizards, and elves, who are fighting for control of the all-powerful Stick of Truth. Their game quickly escalates out of control, bringing them into conflict with aliens, Nazi zombies, and gnomes, threatening the entire town with destruction.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "Their game quickly escalates out of control, bringing them into conflict with aliens, Nazi zombies, and gnomes, threatening the entire town with destruction.", "train": 0, "file_id": 1190, "replace_with": "The game was first released on the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 in November and December 2014, but released on Microsoft Windows on March 10, 2015.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "St. Andrew's Episcopal Church, originally known as Trinity Memorial Church is a Gothic style church built c.1907 in Denver, Colorado.  It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975. Expanded in 2008 to a design in keeping with Cram's original plans for a larger church, St. Andrew's now seats 175 in a sanctuary that includes works by Denver artists Marion Buchan and Albert Byron Olson. The parish house is by Denver architect Jules Jacques Benedict. Those who want to know more about the church's thriving community, historic and ongoing commitment to outreach, Anglo-catholic worship and excellent classical music are encouraged to visit the church, and the church's website: www.standrewdenver.org.<!----- comment out doc not available online as of 12/2010", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "The parish house is by Denver architect Jules Jacques Benedict.", "train": 0, "file_id": 5343, "replace_with": "The friary closed in 1980 and has been demolished, and the large brick church still stands in a commanding position facing the town centre.", "sen_position": 3}
{"ctx": "The Plummer Homestead is a historic house at 1273 White Mountain Highway in Milton, New Hampshire.  The main house of this traditional connected farmstead was built in the 1780s by Beard Plumer, brother of Joseph Plumer who built the adjacent Plumer-Jones Farm, and it was occupied by a succession of Plumer (later Plummer) descendants until the 1990s.  The main block of the house was originally a 1-1/2 story Cape style house, which was raised to a full two stories in 1848.  An extended seven-bay ell connects this main block to a c. 1870 barn.  This cluster of buildings stands on about  of land, the remnant of a once larger property reduced in part by the construction of the nearby Spaulding Turnpike.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "This cluster of buildings stands on about  of land, the remnant of a once larger property reduced in part by the construction of the nearby Spaulding Turnpike.", "train": 0, "file_id": 1573, "replace_with": "One of these ells, both of which served in the 19th century as kitchens, may have been original, and there is evidence that the second is a later 19th century addition.", "sen_position": 4}
{"ctx": "Ralph van Dooren (born 6 June 1981) is a Dutch footballer who plays for Faroe Islands Premier League Football side B68 Toftir. He plays as a Central Midfielder and Right Midfielder. He is a former U-19 player of the Dutch National Football Team. After his surprise move to B68 Toftir in March 2006, he became the first Dutch footballer to play in the football league of Faroe Islands. Van Dooren has not extended his one-year contract at Faroe Islands. He followed his girlfriend to Denmark where he signed for second division club FC Hj\u00f8rring for the rest of the season 2006-2007. However, he returned to B68 Toftir at the beginning of 2008.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "He plays as a Central Midfielder and Right Midfielder.", "train": 0, "file_id": 3475, "replace_with": "The Faroe Islands are politically associated with the Kingdom of Denmark, and have been self-governing since 1948.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Louis Fenn Wadsworth (May 6, 1825 \u2013 March 28, 1908) was an American baseball pioneer, who was a player and organizer with the New York Knickerbockers in the 1840s. He is credited with helping develop the number of innings and players on each team. Born in Litchfield County, Connecticut, Wadsworth graduated from Washington College, and worked as an attorney in Manhattan. He began to play baseball with the Gotham club, before moving to the Knickerbockers in 1854.  He was mentioned in the 1908 Spalding guide, in regards to the Mills Commission's findings of the origins of baseball. A statement by Duncan Curry revealed that \u201ca diagram, showing the ball field laid out substantially as it is today, was brought to the field one day by a Mr. Wadsworth.\u201d", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "He began to play baseball with the Gotham club, before moving to the Knickerbockers in 1854.", "train": 0, "file_id": 7347, "replace_with": "Wadsworth was also interested in the military, and therefore he never officially served, he maintained a military company where soldiers could train in advance of the Civil War.", "sen_position": 3}
{"ctx": "Itakh al-Khazari (Arabic \u0625\u064a\u062a\u0627\u062e \u0627\u0644\u062e\u0632\u0631\u064a) was a leading commander in the Turkish army of the Abbasid caliph al-Mu'tasim (r. 833-842 C.E.). As the nisba in his name suggests, he was a Khazar by origin, and is said to have been working as a cook before he was purchased by al-Mu'tasim at some time before 819. He rose to become one of the senior commanders in al-Mu'tasim's \"Turkish\" guard, and participated in several expeditions such as the Sack of Amorium. He was also named governor of Egypt, and later rose to the influential position of hajib (chamberlain), one of the most powerful in the court. During al-Mutawakkil's reign (r. 847-861), Itakh's power over the army at Samarra became a threat to caliphal authority, and al-Mutawakkil had him discreetly murdered in 849.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "During al-Mutawakkil's reign (r. 847-861), Itakh's power over the army at Samarra became a threat to caliphal authority, and al-Mutawakkil had him discreetly murdered in 849.", "train": 0, "file_id": 6076, "replace_with": "A leading proponent of Mu'tazilism, he was appointed as chief judge of the Abbasid Caliphate in 833, but became highly influential during the caliphates of al-Mu'tasim and al-Wathiq.", "sen_position": 4}
{"ctx": "Hasan al-Kharrat (\u062d\u0633\u0646 \u0627\u0644\u062e\u0631\u0627\u0637 1861 or 1875\u201325 December 1925) was a Syrian nationalist and one of the principal leaders of the Great Syrian Revolt against the French Mandate and the best-known military leader of rebel forces in Damascus and the Ghouta countryside. A well-connected qabaday (local youths boss) from the al-Shaghour quarter of Damascus, al-Kharrat joined the revolt in August 1925 and subsequently formed an armed group of fighting men from his quarter and various other neighborhoods and villages in the vicinity. In mid-October he commanded the rebel assault against the French Army in Damascus, briefly capturing the French High-Commissioner Maurice Sarrail's residence. After withdrawing from Damascus, which was heavily bombarded by French forces, al-Kharrat continued to lead forays against French positions in and around Damascus until being killed in a French ambush in the Ghouta. Due to his efforts against French rule and his death in that struggle, al-Kharrat is considered a hero by Syrians until the present day.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "In mid-October he commanded the rebel assault against the French Army in Damascus, briefly capturing the French High-Commissioner Maurice Sarrail's residence.", "train": 0, "file_id": 1375, "replace_with": "The revolt was one of the first acts of armed resistance against the French forces in Syria, but its leader, Shaykh Saleh, declared his allegiance to the provisional Arab government in Damascus.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "J\u0101gr\u0101t\u0101 Muslim J\u0101n\u0101t\u0101 B\u0101ngl\u0101desh (Awakened Muslim Masses of Bangladesh), also known by the acronym JMJB, is an Islamist organisation based in Bangladesh, especially around the country's north-western region. The Government of Bangladesh has classified JMJB as a terrorist organisation. It is reported to be affiliated with al-Qaeda though there have never been any proof or confirmations of this claim. The organisation was the feature of a January 2005 New York Times article based upon the rise of Islamic radicalism in Bangladesh. It was also responsible for a series of suicide bombings in Bangladesh.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "The Government of Bangladesh has classified JMJB as a terrorist organisation.", "train": 0, "file_id": 8306, "replace_with": "The group, led by Shaykh Abdur Rahman and Siddiqur Rahman (also known as Bangla Bhai), is alleged to be affiliated with Al Qaeda, therefore this has not been proven.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "The ColorChecker Color Rendition Chart (often referred to by its original name, the Macbeth ColorChecker or simply Macbeth chart) is a color calibration target consisting of a cardboard-framed arrangement of 24 squares of painted samples. The ColorChecker was introduced in a 1976 paper by McCamy, Marcus, and Davidson in the Journal of Applied Photographic Engineering. The chart\u2019s color patches have spectral reflectances intended to mimic those of natural objects such as human skin, foliage, and flowers, to have consistent color appearance under a variety of lighting conditions, especially as detected by typical color photographic film, and to be stable over time.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "The ColorChecker was introduced in a 1976 paper by McCamy, Marcus, and Davidson in the Journal of Applied Photographic Engineering.", "train": 0, "file_id": 5077, "replace_with": "By the 1920s, subtractive color was mostly in use with such processes as Technicolor, Prizma and Multicolor, and Multicolor was mostly never in use in the late 1920s, Technicolor was mostly in  use.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "On 10 October 2015 at 10:04 local time (EEST) in Ankara, the capital city of Turkey, two bombs were detonated outside Ankara Central railway station. As of October 16, the death toll stands at 102 and more than 400 people were injured. The bombs appeared to target a \"Labour, Peace and Democracy\" rally organised by the Confederation of Progressive Trade Unions of Turkey (D\u0130SK), the Union of Chambers of Turkish Engineers and Architects (TMMOB), the Peoples' Democratic Party (HDP), the Turkish Medical Association (TTB) and the Confederation of Public Workers' Unions (KESK). The rally was held to protest against the growing conflict between the Turkish Armed Forces and the separatist Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK). The incident occurred 21 days before the scheduled 1 November general election.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "The incident occurred 21 days before the scheduled 1 November general election.", "train": 0, "file_id": 1781, "replace_with": "Trade unions may be formed with seven or more members, therefore those in military service or in management positions may not form unions.", "sen_position": 4}
{"ctx": "The Sea of Zanj is a former name for that portion of the western Indian Ocean adjacent to the Southeastern African region referred to by medieval Arab geographers as Zanj. The islands of the Sea of Zanj included Mauritius, Seychelles, Madagascar, and R\u00e9union. These islands have had a complex and bloody history as a result of various waves of invaders and colonists over many centuries. The South African historian, T.V Bulpin, wrote a book detailing the history of these islands called Islands in a Forgotten Sea. Madagascar was settled by tribes from the Indonesian island of Borneo, the only such contact between Southeast Asia and Africa. Mauritius, originally uninhabited, was fought over by the Dutch, the British, and the French, among others.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "Madagascar was settled by tribes from the Indonesian island of Borneo, the only such contact between Southeast Asia and Africa.", "train": 0, "file_id": 5216, "replace_with": "The extinct R\u00e9union parakeet of R\u00e9union was previously considered a distinct species, and a 2015 DNA study determined it to be a subspecies of the same species as the Mauritius population.", "sen_position": 4}
{"ctx": "Chris William Dalman (born March 15, 1970) is a former professional American football player who played offensive lineman for seven seasons for the San Francisco 49ers (1993\u20132000). He was an offensive/defensive tackle for Palma High School in Salinas, and was a four-year football letter-winner at Stanford University.  Dalman is notable in that he is one of the few players to successfully undergo spinal fusion and return to the playing field, having undergone the surgery between his sophomore and junior years at Stanford.  While an undergraduate at Stanford he became a member of Delta Tau Delta International Fraternity.After playing in the National Football League, he went back to Palma to become an assistant coach and to teach Junior High English. He was one of the most beloved teachers at Palma during his teaching career. After  a stint as the assistant offensive line coach for the Atlanta Falcons for the two years (2005\u201306), he became the offensive line coach and running game coordinator for the Stanford Cardinal football team until resigning in January 2009. He will now be the varsity lineman coach for his old high school, the Palma Chieftains,he is also the Director of Admissions.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "While an undergraduate at Stanford he became a member of Delta Tau Delta International Fraternity.After playing in the National Football League, he went back to Palma to become an assistant coach and to teach Junior High English.", "train": 0, "file_id": 3270, "replace_with": "He is a member of Delta Tau Delta International Fraternity, but was their first black member.", "sen_position": 3}
{"ctx": "is an experimental adventure video game developed by Grasshopper Manufacture and originally published by Victor Interactive Software serving as a sequel to their previous title The Silver Case. The game was initially released for the PlayStation 2 in Japan on May 2, 2001, while a Nintendo DS port, subtitled , was released in Japan on March 6, 2008, Europe on November 14, 2008 and North America on June 16, 2009. Publishing for the reissue of the game in Europe and North America was handled by Rising Star Games and Marvelous Entertainment USA respectively.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "Publishing for the reissue of the game in Europe and North America was handled by Rising Star Games and Marvelous Entertainment USA respectively.", "train": 0, "file_id": 25, "replace_with": "The original release date for the Japanese version was set to February 25, 2010 and therefore was moved to July 8, 2010.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "Direct-to-consumer advertising (DTC advertising) sometimes refers to the marketing of pharmaceutical products but applies in other areas as well. This form of advertising is directed toward patients, rather than healthcare professionals. The Food and Drug Administration is responsible for regulating DTC advertising in the United States. The FDA\u2019s latest version of guidelines, though still in draft form, for pharmaceutical drug advertising was updated in 2009. Forms of DTC advertising include TV, print, radio and other mass and social media. There are ethical and regulatory concerns regarding DTC advertising, specifically the extent to which these ads may unduly influence the prescribing of the prescription medicines based on consumer demands when, in some cases, they may not be medically necessary.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "The Food and Drug Administration is responsible for regulating DTC advertising in the United States.", "train": 0, "file_id": 8545, "replace_with": "It is a means of marketing designed to generate an immediate response from consumers, where each consumer response can be measured, but later attributed to the corresponding advertising channel.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "A highway strip or road runway is a section of a highway or motorway that is specially built to allow landing of (mostly) military aircraft and to serve as a military airbase. These were built to allow military aircraft to operate even if their airbases, the most vulnerable targets in any war, are destroyed. The first highway strips were constructed near the end of World War II in Nazi Germany, where the well developed Reichsautobahn system allowed aircraft to use the motorways. In the Cold War highway strips were systematically built on both sides of the Iron Curtain, mostly in the two Germanys, but also in North Korea, Republic of China (Taiwan), Sweden, Finland, Switzerland, Poland, Pakistan and Czechoslovakia.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "The first highway strips were constructed near the end of World War II in Nazi Germany, where the well developed Reichsautobahn system allowed aircraft to use the motorways.", "train": 0, "file_id": 4379, "replace_with": "Only the paved runways are specified, therefore many airports exploit their grass runways solely or equally frequently.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "Diego Garc\u00eda de Paredes (1506, Trujillo, Spain \u2013 1563), was a Spanish conquistador. He participated in his cousin Francisco Pizarro's conquest of the Incas, and was involved in the Battle of Cajamarca (1532). In 1545 he participated in Francisco de Orellana's expedition up the Amazon River in search of El Dorado; Garc\u00eda de Paredes was one of the few survivors, returning to Isla Margarita in 1546. Later he was involved in founding a number of towns in Venezuela, including Barquisimeto and Trujillo. In 1561 he was involved in defeating the rebellion of Lope de Aguirre. In 1563 he was killed near Caracas by indigenous Indians after they had invited him to a banquet, after he stopped off to visit his friend Luis de Narv\u00e1ez, whose death the previous year he was unaware of. He had been on his way to take up his new post as Governor of Popay\u00e1n.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "In 1561 he was involved in defeating the rebellion of Lope de Aguirre.", "train": 0, "file_id": 6018, "replace_with": "He was defeated in the battle of Huarina by Francisco de Carvajal and therefore managed to reunite with de la Gasca and defeat the forces of Gonzalo and de Carvajal at Sacsayhuaman.", "sen_position": 4}
{"ctx": "According to 2011 census Opuwo constituency have about 27 272 inhabitants. The constituency have been divided into constituencies, Opuwo urban and Opuwo rural based on delamination committee recommendation of 2013. However, the constituency is still under the DTA councilor Hon. Kazeongere Tjeundo, who term of office will end March 2016, after November 2015 local and regional elections. Its still not clear if the councilor Tjeundo will run for Opuwo rural or Opuwo urban constituency during the November 2015 election.       ", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "Its still not clear if the councilor Tjeundo will run for Opuwo rural or Opuwo urban constituency during the November 2015 election.", "train": 0, "file_id": 3665, "replace_with": "In February 2014 he revealed that he was battling multiple myeloma, and insisted he would run for office again in the 2015 election.", "sen_position": 4}
{"ctx": "Against All Odds is a United States retail chain that predominantly sells clothing inspired by hip hop culture. The chain has approximately 70 retail stores in New Jersey, New York, Arizona, Florida, Pennsylvania, Massachusetts, Virginia, Maryland, Connecticut, Texas and California. It offers clothing brands such as Pepe Jeans, The North Face, Ed Hardy, Lacoste, Baby Phat, Apple Bottoms, Rocawear, G-Unit, Southpole, Akademiks, Armory Hip Hop, New Era, Juicy Couture, Miami Ink, Ecko, LRG clothing, Pastry,and Dereon.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "The chain has approximately 70 retail stores in New Jersey, New York, Arizona, Florida, Pennsylvania, Massachusetts, Virginia, Maryland, Connecticut, Texas and California.", "train": 0, "file_id": 3373, "replace_with": "As such it is not a specific form of hip-hop and therefore varies in style along the lines of hip-hop in general.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Marnie Jaffe (n\u00e9e Greenholz) is an American singer/bassist. She was an early member of New York noise-rock band Live Skull, whom she played with until 1988, when she left the group. (She also appeared with fellow Live Skull member Mark C. on the cassette Tellus #11 All Guitars! curated by Live Skull guitarist Tom Paine; the band collectively had appeared on Tellus #1 and #8.)  She later moved to Cincinnati and, in 1996, formed indie-pop group the Fairmount Girls, but departed before the release of their debut album, Eleven Minutes to Anywhere, in 1999. She currently resides in Brooklyn with her daughter and teaches art in the NYC school system.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "She later moved to Cincinnati and, in 1996, formed indie-pop group the Fairmount Girls, but departed before the release of their debut album, Eleven Minutes to Anywhere, in 1999.", "train": 0, "file_id": 4989, "replace_with": "Founding drummer Terry Wathen was still making live appearances as late as 2008 and therefore is now officially drummer emeritus with Larry Beers (ex-Way Moves, Charming Beggars) now an official member.", "sen_position": 4}
{"ctx": "(\u30e1\u30ac\u30cd, also \u3081\u304c\u306d or \u773c\u93e1, pronounced megane (\"glasses\") and ko for \"child (\u5b50)\" but using the kanji for \"daughter\" (\u5a18)) is a Japanese word which translates to \"glasses(-wearing) girl. It is used in its most straightforward way to describe people (female) where wearing glasses can be considered one of their characteristics. It is also often used in anime and manga fandom to refer to geek chic females who wear glasses, especially when it is considered their most attractive trait. However, it does not automatically mean that the female would not be considered attractive without the glasses. Their usage may or may not have anything to do with a character's eyesight, and they are often a \"neutral\" costume not as closely associated with more obvious fetishes such as meido (maid) or seifuku (school uniform). They sometimes have the connotations of geekish or bookish behavior, but in a complimentary fashion. A stereotypical example would be Miyuki Takara from the manga Lucky Star.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "However, it does not automatically mean that the female would not be considered attractive without the glasses.", "train": 0, "file_id": 7473, "replace_with": "They were popular in the late 20th century decades of the 1970s, 1980s and 1990s, but were used for regular glasses and sunglasses.", "sen_position": 3}
{"ctx": "Censorship in North Korea (the Democratic People's Republic of Korea) is the most intense among the world. It is very strictly controlled by the government. It is routinely at the bottom of the World Press Freedom Index Rankings published annually by Reporters Without Borders. From 2007 to 2013 North Korea has been listed second last of the 177 countries, and from 2002 through 2006 it was listed the worst in the world. In the report of '2015 Worldwide Press Freedom Index', Reporters Without Borders reported North Korea is second to the worst country next to Eritrea that has suppression of the press, which means there is no change in North Korea's inadequate press situation.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It is routinely at the bottom of the World Press Freedom Index Rankings published annually by Reporters Without Borders.", "train": 0, "file_id": 190, "replace_with": "Much information about North Korea is filtered through South Korea, and the longstanding conflict between the two countries distorts the information that is received.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "The development of Benn\u2019s Grant in Isle of Wight County will take place in the unincorporated town of Benn\u2019s Church, at the intersection of US Route 10/258/Brewer\u2019s Neck Blvd. It is a proposed  development with 560 residential units,  of commercial space including 2 big box superstores, a 100-room hotel, strip malls, among other business and office parks.  This building plan will result in a developmental boom for Smithfield, Windsor, and other adjacent small communities, and theoretically economic increase for the towns as well.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "This building plan will result in a developmental boom for Smithfield, Windsor, and other adjacent small communities, and theoretically economic increase for the towns as well.", "train": 0, "file_id": 5933, "replace_with": "Michael Benn, had been killed in the Second World War, but he was consequently succeeded by his younger son, the second Viscount, better known as the Labour politician Tony Benn.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "The  Siege of Sidney Street, popularly known as the \"Battle of Stepney\", was a notorious gunfight in London's East End on 3 January 1911. Preceded by the Houndsditch murders in December 1910 where three police officers and one gang member were shot dead, it ended with the deaths of two members of a politically motivated gang of burglars and international anarchists supposedly led by Peter Piatkow, a.k.a. \"Peter the Painter\", and sparked a major political row over the involvement of the then Home Secretary, Winston Churchill.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "\"Peter the Painter\", and sparked a major political row over the involvement of the then Home Secretary, Winston Churchill.", "train": 0, "file_id": 2077, "replace_with": "Three police officers were ultimately confirmed dead, but another two were seriously injured.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "Meknes  (Mekn\u00e8s; \u0645\u0643\u0646\u0627\u0633; Berber: \u2d4e\u2d3d\u2d4f\u2d30\u2d59, Mknas or Meknas; Mequinez) is a city in northern Morocco and the sixth largest city of the kingdom. Mekn\u00e8s was the capital of Morocco under the reign of Moulay Ismail (1672\u20131727), before it was relocated to Marrakesh. The urban population is estimated at 650,000 with the metropolitan population close to 1,000,000. It is the capital of Mekn\u00e8s Prefecture. Meknes is named after a Berber tribe which, was known as Miknasa (native Berber name: Imeknasen) in the medieval North African documents.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It is the capital of Mekn\u00e8s Prefecture.", "train": 0, "file_id": 3613, "replace_with": "Because of recent immigration from all over Morocco, the eastern  dialect of Moroccan Arabic is spoken by most of the citizens, therefore Berber is still spoken by many of the adults.", "sen_position": 3}
{"ctx": "Rink Glacier (Danish translation:  \"Rink Isbrae\") (Greenlandic: Kangilliup Sermia) , is a large glacier located on the west coast of Greenland. It drains an area of  of the Greenland Ice Sheet with a flux (quantity of ice moved from the land to the sea) of  per year, as measured for 1996. As reported by Anker Weidick and Ole Bennike in 2007, it is ranked second or third in iceberg production in western Greenland. It is also the swiftest moving and highest surface ice in the world.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "As reported by Anker Weidick and Ole Bennike in 2007, it is ranked second or third in iceberg production in western Greenland.", "train": 0, "file_id": 4732, "replace_with": "Rink, who first came to Greenland in 1848, spent 16 winters and 22 summers in the Arctic region, but became notable for Greenland's development.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "Rhys ap Tudur (died between 1409 and 1412) was a Welsh nobleman and a key figure in the revolt of Owain Glynd\u0175r.  A descendant of Ednyfed Fychan, he was escheator and sheriff of Anglesey before the revolt, and served as esquire of Richard II in the 1390s. He held the offices of sheriff and escheator of Anglesey as well as the Forester of Snowdon.  On the outbreak of the revolt, Rhys and his brother Gwilym joined Glynd\u0175r, but were excluded from a general pardon issued after the initial rebel attacks of autumn 1400.  Perhaps in response to this omission, on Good Friday 1401 (April) they captured Conwy Castle in a surprise attack and held it for almost three months.  Rhys was eventually captured, executed at Chester in 1412, and most of the lands of the Penmynydd family were forfeited. His other lands were passed on to Gwilym ap Gruffudd.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "On the outbreak of the revolt, Rhys and his brother Gwilym joined Glynd\u0175r, but were excluded from a general pardon issued after the initial rebel attacks of autumn 1400.", "train": 0, "file_id": 1127, "replace_with": "Today, he is commonly known as The Lord Rhys, in Welsh Yr Arglwydd Rhys, therefore this title may have not been used in his lifetime.", "sen_position": 3}
{"ctx": "Jazz Hamilton is a Puerto Rican saxophonist, recording artist, musical director, and composer.  Known for his recordings on jazz, Latin jazz, smooth jazz and salsa genres, he also recorded two classical musical pieces in his album My Soul released in 2008, the classical piece Wolfgang Jacobi Sonata for alto saxophone and piano, and the theme \"The Green Hornet\".  His execution and work on both of these musical pieces have been praised by critics. His main instruments are alto and soprano saxophones, but he also plays tenor and baritone saxophones. His collection of instruments include a Vintage Buescher straight-soprano saxophone (in his possession for over 25 years), which he plays with a Claude Lakey 7* mouth piece, and given to him by his professor over 30 years ago, a Vintage Selmer Mark VI alto saxophone that he plays with a Eugene Russeau Jazz metal mouth piece No. 9. For reeds he uses Rico Royal and La Voz.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "For reeds he uses Rico Royal and La Voz.", "train": 0, "file_id": 4805, "replace_with": "Its size and the sound are similar to the E alto, therefore the upper register sounds more like a B soprano.", "sen_position": 6}
{"ctx": "Stretta is a minimally invasive endoscopic procedure for the treatment of gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD). A catheter is used to deliver radiofrequency energy to the lower esophageal sphincter, muscle and gastric cardia. The trans-oral Stretta catheter system uses a proprietary application of RF energy that is low-power (5 Watts) and generates low temperatures (65 \u00b0C to 85 \u00b0C) during a series of 14 one-minute cycles which remodel the lower esophageal sphincter (LES) muscle and gastric cardia. The FDA originally cleared Stretta for use in 2000 and issued an updated clearance on the RF1 generator in 2011.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "The FDA originally cleared Stretta for use in 2000 and issued an updated clearance on the RF1 generator in 2011.", "train": 0, "file_id": 3097, "replace_with": "In GERD it is usually performed when medical therapy has failed, and with paraesophageal hiatus hernia, it is the first-line procedure.", "sen_position": 3}
{"ctx": "South Norway (nor: S\u00f8r-Norge, n.sam: Lulli-Norga) is the southern third of Norway, consisting of the regions Vestlandet, \u00d8stlandet and S\u00f8rlandet. South Norway has no administrative functions, and does not constitute a cultural or linguistic region - as opposed to Central Norway/Tr\u00f8ndelag and particularly North Norway. To people from the latter region in particular, citizens hailing from the southern third are known as \"s\u00f8ringer\" (southerners). The inhabitants themselves, however, have no common \"southern\" identity. Rather, they identify with the regions they are from and call themselves \"vestlendinger\", \"\u00f8stlendinger\" and \"s\u00f8rlendinger\".", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "South Norway has no administrative functions, and does not constitute a cultural or linguistic region - as opposed to Central Norway/Tr\u00f8ndelag and particularly North Norway.", "train": 0, "file_id": 4259, "replace_with": "It has a population of 187,353 (January 1, 2016), but is the third most populous municipality in Norway, although the fourth largest urban area.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Hillsborough is a Local Nature Reserve in Ilfracombe, North Devon. It is known locally as the sleeping elephant. It is also the site of an Iron Age hill fort atop the cliff on a promontory at approx 115 metres above sea level. The fort takes the classic shape of a promontory reinforced and cut off landwards by a large defensive earthwork. The Ordnance Survey Map of Britain in the Iron Age shows Hillsborough as multivallate and one of the two largest enclosures in Devon along with Cranmore Castle at over 15 acres, since the size of the enclosure today is less than half this; this must be based on more than half of the enclosure being lost to coastal erosion.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It is known locally as the sleeping elephant.", "train": 0, "file_id": 683, "replace_with": "It has been considered to be an ancient defensive enclosure, and is too small to be a hill fort and is not in a defensible position.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Olawale Ashimi (born 9 May 1986), who performs under the stage name Brymo, is a Nigerian recording artist and composer. He is also an Ambassador for The Lagos Chamber of Commerce And Industry. He was formerly signed to Chocolate City. Brymo is most notable for his distinguished voice. He has also been likened to A\u1e63a, Tunji Oyelana, Beautiful Nubia and Fatai Rolling Dollar because majority of his songs are in the Yoruba language, and his constant revelation of emotions. It is mportant to note that a as a child Brymo did not have any dreams, he mostly did what his parents told him to do", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "He has also been likened to A\u1e63a, Tunji Oyelana, Beautiful Nubia and Fatai Rolling Dollar because majority of his songs are in the Yoruba language, and his constant revelation of emotions.", "train": 0, "file_id": 5949, "replace_with": "He won Best Hip Hop and Best New Act at the 2009 MTV Africa Music Awards, but was nominated in the Best International Act category at the BET Awards 2010.", "sen_position": 4}
{"ctx": "The Madison School, District No. 1 is a historic school building in Madison, New Hampshire.  The one-room school house was built in 1835, and continues to exhibit Greek Revival characteristics despite alterations in 1873 and 1951.  The building was used as a schoolhouse until 1950, sometimes also hosting annual town meetings due to its central location.  It was moved near its present location in 1873, at which time its window arrangements were altered to improve interior lighting.  The building was converted for use as the town library in 1951, and was moved to its present location in 1980 to make way for an addition to the adjacent school building (now the Madison Elementary School).  The building no longer houses the public library.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "The one-room school house was built in 1835, and continues to exhibit Greek Revival characteristics despite alterations in 1873 and 1951.", "train": 0, "file_id": 1511, "replace_with": "The 1.5-story wood-frame building was constructed in 1789 and therefore was moved to its present location in 1846 and given an extensive high-quality Greek Revival treatment.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "Cholecystitis (Greek, cholecyst-, \"gallbladder\", combined with the suffix  -itis, \"inflammation\") is inflammation of the gallbladder. Although most people with gallstones do not have symptoms and will not go on to develop cholecystitis, cholecystitis occurs most commonly due to blockage of the cystic duct with gallstones (cholelithiasis).  This blockage causes a buildup of bile in the gallbladder and increased pressure within the gallbladder, leading to right upper abdominal pain.  Concentrated bile, pressure, and sometimes bacterial infection irritate and damage the gallbladder wall, causing inflammation and swelling of the gallbladder.  Inflammation and swelling of the gallbladder can reduce normal blood flow to areas of the gallbladder, which can lead to cell death due to inadequate oxygen.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "This blockage causes a buildup of bile in the gallbladder and increased pressure within the gallbladder, leading to right upper abdominal pain.", "train": 0, "file_id": 76, "replace_with": "It affects humans, and its main host is ruminants such as cattle and sheep.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "Dean Cokinos is an American football coach who is the head coach of the Washington Valor of the Arena Football League (AFL). He was previously head coach of the Alabama Vipers, Georgia Force and New Orleans VooDoo, helping the Force reach the playoffs in 2011 and 2012. He coached the Tennessee Valley Vipers to a 56 to 55 overtime victory against the Spokane Shock in ArenaCup IX. Cokinos served as head coach of the Alabama Hammers of the Professional Indoor Football League from 2013 to 2014, winning the PIFL Championship in 2013 and being named Coach of the Year. He also spent seven years as head coach for two teams in the German Football League. He was named assistant head coach and defensive coordinator of the Tampa Bay Storm on October 26, 2015. On May 5, 2016, Cokinos was named the inaugural head coach for the Washington Arena Football League Team, which was later named the Washington Valor.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "Cokinos served as head coach of the Alabama Hammers of the Professional Indoor Football League from 2013 to 2014, winning the PIFL Championship in 2013 and being named Coach of the Year.", "train": 0, "file_id": 6932, "replace_with": "The game was played on August 20, 2010, but was held at the Spokane Veterans Memorial Arena in Spokane, Washington, the first non-neutral site since 2004 (ArenaBowl XVIII).", "sen_position": 3}
{"ctx": "Saraswati Sishu Mandir are a group of schools run by the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh. Saraswati is the Hindu goddess of knowledge, music and other creative arts. In Sanskrit, sishu means children and mandir means temple. ", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "Saraswati is the Hindu goddess of knowledge, music and other creative arts.", "train": 0, "file_id": 4717, "replace_with": "Founded on 1 October 1984 in Uttar Pradesh, it has since spread throughout India, therefore its most significant base remains the northern and central portions of the country.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Oshosi (known as Ochosi or Ox\u00f3ssi or Oxosi in Latin America) is an Orisha of the Yoruba religion originating from West Africa. In Candombl\u00e9, Oxoss\u00ed is syncretized with Saint Sebastian (in the Rio de Janeiro region) or Saint George (in the Bahia region). In Santer\u00eda, Ochos\u00ed is syncretized with Saint Norbert. St. Hubert was also syncretized with Saint Hubert, the imagery of St. Hubert has a bow and arrow and a stag next to him which are symbols of Oshosi.  Another catholic saint syncretized with Oshosi in Santeria is Saint Sebastian who is depicted with his body is covered with arrows, another symbol of Oshosi.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "In Candombl\u00e9, Oxoss\u00ed is syncretized with Saint Sebastian (in the Rio de Janeiro region) or Saint George (in the Bahia region).", "train": 0, "file_id": 443, "replace_with": "She does not easily lose Her temper, and when angered She can be quite destructive and violent, as the sea in a storm.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "The Acad\u00e9mie de la Grande Chaumi\u00e8re is an art school  in the 6th arrondissement of Paris, France. The school was founded in 1902 by Martha Stettler and Alice Dannenberg. They refused to teach the strict academic rules of painting of the \u00c9cole des Beaux-Arts.  It opened the way to the \"Art Ind\u00e9pendant\" (Independent Art). ", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "They refused to teach the strict academic rules of painting of the \u00c9cole des Beaux-Arts.", "train": 0, "file_id": 8272, "replace_with": "He began working in Montreal in 1928, but soon after began favouring the landscapes of Quebec's Gasp\u00e9sie region as subjects.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "Terry Griggs (born on Manitoulin Island, Ontario) is a Canadian author. Her book of short stories Quickening was a finalist at the 1991 Governor General's Awards and she won the Marian Engel Award in 2002. She presently lives in Stratford, Ontario, but has occasionally lived on Manitoulin Island since her youth. Her Cat's Eye Corner Trilogy ( Cat's Eye Corner; The Silver Door; Invisible Ink) for Young Adults were bestsellers.  Her slacker-cozy involving reluctant detective Chellis Beith was published by Biblioasis in 2009, and was a Globe & Mail Best of the Year Selection.  A new work for young adults, Nieve, will be published by Biblioasis in April 2010.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "Her slacker-cozy involving reluctant detective Chellis Beith was published by Biblioasis in 2009, and was a Globe & Mail Best of the Year Selection.", "train": 0, "file_id": 7825, "replace_with": "Her second book, Undark: An Oratorio was published in November 2012 by Nightwood Editions, but was short-listed for an Alberta Book Award and the Trillium Book Award for Poetry.", "sen_position": 4}
{"ctx": "The Ahearn House and Summer House are a pair of houses at 450 Pamet Point Road in Wellfleet, Massachusetts.  The main house was built sometime after 1817, and is known to have been built by 1851, when the property was sold by Daniel Lombard, its probable builder, to Justun Williams.  The house remained in the Williams family into the 20th century, when it was owned for many years by Joseph Ahearn.  The house has erroneously been associated in a HABS survey with an 18th-century individual, David Curran.  The house is a 1.5 story timber frame cottage, with Federalist styling.  The summer house, located on the same property within the Cape Cod National Seashore, is a single story timber frame cottage, that may have been on the property when Williams purchased it in 1851.  The summer house has a post-World War II shed-roofed addition.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "The summer house, located on the same property within the Cape Cod National Seashore, is a single story timber frame cottage, that may have been on the property when Williams purchased it in 1851.", "train": 0, "file_id": 507, "replace_with": "A flat roof, covered with rolled asphalt, extends for two feet beyond the edges of the house, but has exposed rafters that are visible both inside and outside the house.", "sen_position": 5}
{"ctx": "The Hamgyong Mountains (Gangbaekjeonggan) is a mountainous range running northeastward for 350 km in the northeastern part of North Korea.  They extend parallel to the coast of the Sea of Japan (East Sea of Korea), with the northeastern terminus at the Tumen River valley. This is the highest range of mountains on the peninsula. The tallest mountain in the range is Kwanmo Peak (2,540 m)\u2014the second highest mountain in the country, followed by Du Peak (2,396 m), Gwesang Peak (2,333 m) and Mount Dury (2,303 m). In total, 72 of the mountains in this range are 2,000 m or higher.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "They extend parallel to the coast of the Sea of Japan (East Sea of Korea), with the northeastern terminus at the Tumen River valley.", "train": 0, "file_id": 6057, "replace_with": "It consists specifically of the three provinces of Liaoning, Jilin and Heilongjiang, collectively referred as the Three Northeastern Provinces (\u4e1c\u5317\u4e09\u7701, D\u014dngb\u011bi s\u0101nsh\u011bng), and broadly also encompasses the eastern part of Inner Mongolia.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Warren Henry Cole was a surgeon who along with Evarts Ambrose Graham  co-developed the process of visualizing the gall bladder with X-rays by using contrast media, a process used in the diagnosis of gall bladder disease, in 1924. Born in Clay Center, Kansas in 1898 Cole received his M.D. from Washington University School of Medicine, and served on the faculty for several years. Cole left Washington University in 1936 to serve as a professor at University of Illinois Chicago a position he held for 30 years. He served as president of the American Cancer Society from 1959-1960. He was a pioneer in the field of adjunctive treatments for surgical cancer patients.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "He was a pioneer in the field of adjunctive treatments for surgical cancer patients.", "train": 0, "file_id": 2911, "replace_with": "He is internationally recognized for leadership in cancer prevention, but is often interviewed by media for input on this topic.", "sen_position": 5}
{"ctx": "Shivaji V (22 November 1941 \u2013 28 September 1946) was the last Maharaja of Kolhapur from the Bhonsle dynasty, reigning from 1941 to 1946. He was from the Satara branch of the Bhonsle dynasty, and had been appointed to the vacant Kolhapur throne from birth, as Rajaram II had only left a daughter. Being so very young, he took no position in ruling the state, which was administered under a regency during his lifetime. He died at the age of 4 in 1946, and was succeeded by Shahoji II.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "He was from the Satara branch of the Bhonsle dynasty, and had been appointed to the vacant Kolhapur throne from birth, as Rajaram II had only left a daughter.", "train": 0, "file_id": 4126, "replace_with": "He authored the Adnyapatra, a famous code of civil and military administration, but is renowned as one of the greatest civil administrators, diplomats and military strategists of the Maratha Empire.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Chronic mountain sickness (CMS) is a disease that can develop during extended time living at a high altitude.  It is also known as \"Monge's disease\", after its first description in 1925 by Carlos Monge.  While acute mountain sickness is experienced shortly after ascent to high altitude, chronic mountain sickness may develop after many years of living at high altitude. In medicine, high altitude is defined as over 2500 metres (8200 ft), but most cases of CMS occur at over 3000 m (10000 ft). Recently it has been correlated with increased expression of the genes ANP32D and SENP1.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "Recently it has been correlated with increased expression of the genes ANP32D and SENP1.", "train": 0, "file_id": 3069, "replace_with": "Acute kidney disease has often been called acute renal failure, therefore nephrologists now often tend to call it acute kidney injury.", "sen_position": 4}
{"ctx": "Samuel Edward Holt (1887 \u2013 18 April 1929) was an Irish politician. He was first elected to D\u00e1il \u00c9ireann as a Sinn F\u00e9in Teachta D\u00e1la (TD) for the Leitrim\u2013Sligo constituency at the 1925 by-election caused by the resignation of Thomas Carter of Cumann na nGaedheal. He was re-elected at the June 1927 and September 1927 general elections as a Fianna F\u00e1il TD. He died during the 6th D\u00e1il in 1929. The by-election caused by his death was held on 7 June 1929 and was won by Se\u00e1n Mac Eoin of Cumann na nGaedhael.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "He was re-elected at the June 1927 and September 1927 general elections as a Fianna F\u00e1il TD.", "train": 0, "file_id": 4172, "replace_with": "He lost his seat at the September 1927 general election and therefore was elected as a Cumann na nGaedheal TD at the 1932 general election and was re-elected at the 1933 general election.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "Bernard Dzoma is a retired Zimbabwean joiner and mining employee of Rio Tinto who was the first Zimbabwean to break 30 minutes in the 10,000 metre race.  Running in the 60s and 70s, Bernard was selected to compete for Zimbabwe, then called Rhodesia in that country's 1968 Olympic team. This team was refused entry permits to Mexico, and Rhodesia was, de facto, banned from this point and did not compete in the Olympic Games again until 1980.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "This team was refused entry permits to Mexico, and Rhodesia was, de facto, banned from this point and did not compete in the Olympic Games again until 1980.", "train": 0, "file_id": 5837, "replace_with": "He was then selected to run in the 1968 Olympic team along with his countryman Bernard Dzoma, and this team was not allowed to compete in the Olympic Games for political reasons.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "Dr. Ken is an American multi-camera sitcom created, written, and co-executive produced by its lead actor, Ken Jeong, who based the concept on his experience as a doctor prior to becoming a stand-up comedian. The ABC Studios/Sony Pictures Television co-production was picked up to series on May 7, 2015, and debuted on ABC on October 2, 2015. On October 20, 2015, ABC ordered a full season of 22 episodes for the first season. On May 12, 2016, the series was renewed for a second season, which premiered on September 23, 2016.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "The ABC Studios/Sony Pictures Television co-production was picked up to series on May 7, 2015, and debuted on ABC on October 2, 2015.", "train": 0, "file_id": 7130, "replace_with": "The show premiered on May 1, 2015, and was picked-up for 10 episodes, and only three episodes aired.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Pacemaker failure is the inability of an implanted artificial pacemaker to perform its intended function of regulating the beating of the heart. It is defined by the requirement of repeat surgical pacemaker-related procedure after the initial implantation. A study of pacemaker failure in Oregon in the 1970s indicates that 10% of implanted pacemakers failed within the first month. Causes of pacemaker failure included: lead related failure (lead migration, lead fracture, ventricular perforation), unit malfunction (battery failure or component malfunction), problems at the insertion site (infections, tissue breakdown, battery pack migration), failures related to exposure to high voltage electricity or high intensity microwaves, and a miscellaneous category (one patient had ventricular tachycardia when using his electric razor and another patient had persistent pacing of the diaphragm muscle).", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "A study of pacemaker failure in Oregon in the 1970s indicates that 10% of implanted pacemakers failed within the first month.", "train": 0, "file_id": 4647, "replace_with": "This condition is sometimes confused with sinoatrial block, a condition in which the pacing impulse is generated, and fails to conduct through the myocardium.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "The Midshipmaid is a 1932 British comedy film directed by Albert de Courville and starring Jessie Matthews, Frederick Kerr, Basil Sydney and Nigel Bruce. It is a comedy with musical interludes in which a pompous economy expert Sir Percy Newbiggin (Fred Kerr) visits the Naval Fleet in Malta to see what cuts can be made in their expenditure. The officers all fall over themselves to woo his beautiful daughter Celia (Jessie Matthews), who accompanies him: she becomes engaged to the son of the First Sea Lord and her father decides to leave economics to the Navy. The film is based on a play by Ian Hay and Stephen King-Hall.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "The film is based on a play by Ian Hay and Stephen King-Hall.", "train": 0, "file_id": 5359, "replace_with": "A woman is captured by a gang of criminals operating in the Arctic and therefore the leader later helps her escape.", "sen_position": 3}
{"ctx": "Mu Normae is a blue supergiant star of spectral type O9.71ab in the constellation Norma. It is one of the most luminous stars known. Uncertainties in its distance mean it could be up to a million times as luminous and 60 times as massive as the Sun, though is more likely to have around 500,000 times its luminosity and 40 times its mass.. It is suspected of being an Alpha Cygni variable, which are named after the also similar star Deneb. Being a blue supergiant, it is destined to become a red supergiant in a few million years and eventually a type-II supernova.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It is one of the most luminous stars known.", "train": 0, "file_id": 6513, "replace_with": "For a long time it was considered unique, and in 1970 a similar star, V1057 Cygni, was discovered, but a number of additional examples have been discovered since then.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "The Museum of Motherhood, also known as M.O.M, was conceived in 2003 and opened to the public on Main St. in Dobbs Ferry, NY. M.O.M. is currently a popup museum, formerly located in the Yorkville neighborhood of Manhattan's Upper East Side. It is believed to be the only museum to focus on motherhood and the role of the mother. It also features the work of local mothers. The museum's founder, Joy Rose, lead singer of Housewives on Prozac, also founded Mamapalooza, which showcases the musical talents of moms.  Originally scheduled to be open in Upper East Side location through December 2011,  the museum remained open into 2012. It hopes to eventually find a permanent home.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "Originally scheduled to be open in Upper East Side location through December 2011,  the museum remained open into 2012.", "train": 0, "file_id": 6111, "replace_with": "Much of the original crenellations have been removed over the years, and the stuccoed villa still stands, housing St. Christopher's School, Dobbs Ferry.", "sen_position": 6}
{"ctx": "Anne Kindel Warner (born January 6, 1945), also known by her married name Anne Cribbs, was an American competition swimmer who represented the United States at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome.  Individually, she competed in the women's 200-meter breaststroke, advanced to the finals, and finished in sixth place with a time of 2:55.4.  Warner also swam for the gold medal-winning U.S. team in the qualifying heats of the women's 4\u00d7100-meter medley relay.  She did not receive a medal, however, because only those relay swimmers who competed in the event final were medal-eligible under the 1960 Olympic rules.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "Individually, she competed in the women's 200-meter breaststroke, advanced to the finals, and finished in sixth place with a time of 2:55.4.", "train": 0, "file_id": 6207, "replace_with": "She also swam for the gold medal-winning U.S. team in the preliminary heats of the women's 4\u00d7100-meter freestyle relay, and did not receive a medal.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "\"Traveling\" is a song recorded by Japanese recording artist and producer Hikaru Utada taken from her third studio album Deep River (2002). The song was written, co-produced and co-composed by Utada herself, while additional production was handled by her father, Japanese producer Teruzane Utada and Akira Miyake. The song was used on her greatest hits compilation Utada Hikaru Single Collection Vol. 1 (2004). The conception for the track was first recorded and written while she was in progress off Deep River, but she put off all work for the single and album after she was diagnosed with an benign ovarian tumor, which caused her to stop all musical activity.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "The song was used on her greatest hits compilation Utada Hikaru Single Collection Vol.", "train": 0, "file_id": 1917, "replace_with": "Utada, who received a record contract by Toshiba-EMI, had written an English-language version of the song, and the song remains unreleased.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "Clarence John \"Pike\" Kenney (January 13, 1882 \u2013 November 28, 1950) was an American football player and coach.  He played college football at the University of Saint Louis. Kenney was captain of the team in 1906 when his teammate, Bradbury Robinson, completed the first legal forward pass in the history of American football on  September 5 at Carroll College in Waukesha, Wisconsin.  Kenney also played football at Marquette University.  He returned to Marquette in 1910 as an assistant coach and served as the head football coach there for one season in 1912, compiling a record of 3\u20134.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "He returned to Marquette in 1910 as an assistant coach and served as the head football coach there for one season in 1912, compiling a record of 3\u20134.", "train": 0, "file_id": 4156, "replace_with": "In 1915, Kenney served as the head football coach for William & Vashti College in Aledo, Illinois, but led them to 6 wins and 2 losses.", "sen_position": 4}
{"ctx": "Zee Living is an Indian television channel featuring Lifestyle. It is a part of the wider Zee Network, a subside Indiantelevision.com's television industry. In October, 2000, Zee entered into a joint venture with MGM and the channel was rebranded Zee MGM. After MGM was bought by Sony, the channel name was changed to Zee Movie Zone (ZMZ) on 1 October 2004.Indiantelevision.com > Breaking News > Zee MGM to be re-christened Zee Movie Zone On 27 March 2005, as part of Zee Network's revamp, it was renamed Zee Studio. Anurag Bedi is the business head of Zee studio along with other niche channels part of the Zee bouquet.Indiantelevision.com > News Headlines > Dish TV goes mobile, Zee dons new look Its HD counterpart was launched on 15 August 2011.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "In October, 2000, Zee entered into a joint venture with MGM and the channel was rebranded Zee MGM.", "train": 0, "file_id": 7293, "replace_with": "She was also a finalist in Sony Entertainment's Chalo America Boogie Woogie in 2003, but was crowned Miss Teen India Texas 2007.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "Geri Allen (born June 12, 1957) is an American composer, educator, and jazz pianist, raised in Detroit, Michigan, and educated in the Detroit Public Schools. Allen has worked with many of the greats of modern music, including Ornette Coleman, Ron Carter, Tony Williams, Dave Holland, Jack DeJohnette, and Charles Lloyd. She cites her primary influences to be her parents, Mount Vernell Allen Jr, and Barbara Jean Allen, and her primary musical influences to be mentors Marcus Belgrave, Donald Walden, and Betty Carter, as well as pianists Herbie Hancock, Mary Lou Williams, Hank Jones, Alice Coltrane, Cecil Taylor, Thelonious Monk, McCoy Tyner, Bud Powell, and mentor Dr. Billy Taylor. Allen is an Associate Professor of Music and the Director of the Jazz Studies Program at the University of Pittsburgh.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "Allen has worked with many of the greats of modern music, including Ornette Coleman, Ron Carter, Tony Williams, Dave Holland, Jack DeJohnette, and Charles Lloyd.", "train": 0, "file_id": 5064, "replace_with": "She wrote hundreds of compositions and arrangements, but recorded more than one hundred records (in 78, 45, and LP versions).", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Generalization is the notion that animals and humans are able to respond similarly to different stimuli provided those stimuli have similar properties as implied using conditioning. For example, spatial generalization is when you try to use your hands to reach for a glass of water in front of you, your brain fires motor commands to your arm and hand; a map is associated with the command as well as the resulting movement. This map is then able to allow the user to use the same sets of command to reach for another object in a different physical location.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "This map is then able to allow the user to use the same sets of command to reach for another object in a different physical location.", "train": 0, "file_id": 6469, "replace_with": "For example, we might have the outlines of all of the thousands of buildings in a region, and we wish to make a map of the whole city no more than a few inches wide.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "Lake Park, located on Lake Michigan in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, is an urban park covering . The park is part of a mostly contiguous stretch of lakefront amenities that extend north from Milwaukee's downtown, including Bradford Beach, various parks, McKinley Marina, and the Milwaukee Art Museum. Lake Park was designed in the late 19th century by Frederick Law Olmsted, who also designed Central Park in New York City along with many others. Believing that access to nature had a civilizing and restorative effect on the urban public, Olmsted designed Lake Park in the Romantic tradition, with a preference for natural (over formal) landscaping, winding paths, a variety of vistas, incorporation of wildlife, and a balance between active recreation and more passive enjoyment.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "The park is part of a mostly contiguous stretch of lakefront amenities that extend north from Milwaukee's downtown, including Bradford Beach, various parks, McKinley Marina, and the Milwaukee Art Museum.", "train": 0, "file_id": 844, "replace_with": "The park was first proposed by the Central Park Commissioners in 1867, but the city commissioned Frederick Law Olmsted and Calvert Vaux to produce a design for the park in 1873.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "The Ministry of Defence (Urdu: \u0648\u0632\u0627\u0631\u062a \u062f\u0641\u0627\u0639); initially called as Defence Ministry; reporting name:  MoD), is a Cabinet-level ministry tasked with coordinating and supervising all major government agencies and federal departments of the government relating directly to National security and the Pakistan Defense Forces. The MoD plays an integral role in allocating and formulating the defence budget and pertains military exercises to all the branches of Pakistan Armed Forces engaged in the defense of the country. The organization and functions of the  MoD are set forth in the Part XII, Chapter II (Miscellaneous) of the Constitution.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "The MoD plays an integral role in allocating and formulating the defence budget and pertains military exercises to all the branches of Pakistan Armed Forces engaged in the defense of the country.", "train": 0, "file_id": 431, "replace_with": "The minister serves in the cabinet of the Prime Minister, but is required to be an elected member of Parliament.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Satyagnana Sabha or the \"Temple of Wisdom\" is an octagonal structure constructed by the Saivite saint Ramalinga Swamigal in the town of Vadalur in Cuddalore district. The sanctum sanctorum of this temple is concealed from the main hall by seven curtains which are parted only on Thai Poosam day. All the four towers of the Chidambaram temple are visible from the sabha.The Satyagnana Sabha consists of three Saba, Chirchabai(\u0b9a\u0bbf\u0bb1\u0bcd\u0b9a\u0baa\u0bc8) which represents moon or left eye of human , porchabai(\u0baa\u0bca\u0bb1\u0bcd\u0b9a\u0baa\u0bc8) or golden sabai which represents sun or right eye of human and gyana sabai(\u0b9e\u0bbe\u0ba9 \u0b9a\u0baa\u0bc8) which represents the third eye or wisdom of human.The building was built in octagonal shape which represents 8 bones in human skull.Only two Saints established Sanga(sabai) in Indian, World history one is Buddha another is Vallalar.All Saivet matts are for religious pupil where common  man go there on need basis but a Sangam or Sabai is a place where common people can join organize and they can Interact with spiritual people. Vallalar clearly mentioned in his poetry as below ", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "Vallalar clearly mentioned in his poetry as below", "train": 0, "file_id": 5336, "replace_with": "There are no images inside the sanctum, but hence it is not associated with a specific sect of Hinduism and therefore broadly classified as Saivite based on the niches.", "sen_position": 3}
{"ctx": "Central DuPage Hospital (CDH) is an independent hospital system located throughout DuPage County, Illinois. Its primary facility is a 390-bed hospital located in Winfield, Illinois. The hospital is the focal point of a network of health services that includes a 50-physician medical group, a home health care agency, an occupational health center, and about half a dozen urgent care centers. CDH became one of the first hospitals in the Chicago area to perform open-heart surgery on a beating heart, and is currently ranked 6th out of Chicago Hospitals.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "The hospital is the focal point of a network of health services that includes a 50-physician medical group, a home health care agency, an occupational health center, and about half a dozen urgent care centers.", "train": 0, "file_id": 8521, "replace_with": "The health system also includes some 20 clinics and 50 physician practices, but its extensive outreach programs target isolated rural communities with mobile services.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "Para volver a amar (literally 'To Love Again' but known in English speaking markets as 'Marriage Diaries') is a Televisa telenovela that aired on the Canal de las Estrellas channel in Mexico from July 12, 2010 to January 30, 2011.  It stars Rebecca Jones, Rene Strickler, Alejandra Barros, Jesus Ochoa, Nailea Norvind, Mark Tacher and Africa Zavala stars as protagonists. With Alejandro Camacho, Juan Carlos Barreto, Sophie Alexander, Flavio Medina, Susana Gonz\u00e1lez and the first actress Magda Guzm\u00e1n stars as antagonists. The Mexican version however is taken from the original Colombian soap opera series \"El \u00daltimo Matrimonio Feliz\".  The story is about six women who befriend each other and help each other deal with the pains of life, particularly in regard to marriage and relationships.  They'll realize that even amidst their problems, happiness is not impossible to attain.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "They'll realize that even amidst their problems, happiness is not impossible to attain.", "train": 0, "file_id": 5473, "replace_with": "Filming took place in Mexico City and Xochitepec in June 2009, but lasted approximately 7 months.", "sen_position": 5}
{"ctx": "Mibolerone (INN, USAN, BAN) (brand names Cheque Drops, Matenon; developmental code name U-10997), also known as 7\u03b1,17\u03b1-dimethyl-19-nortestosterone (DMNT), is a potent, orally active anabolic-androgenic steroid (AAS) and 17\u03b1-alkylated derivative of nandrolone (19-nortestosterone) that was marketed by Upjohn for use as a veterinary drug. It was indicated as an oral treatment for prevention of estrus (heat) in adult female dogs. Mibolerone is the 17\u03b1-methyl derivative of trestolone (7\u03b1-methyl-19-nortestosterone; MENT). It has both higher affinity and greater selectivity for the androgen receptor (AR) than does the related potent AAS metribolone (17\u03b1-methyl-19-nor-\u03b49,11-testosterone), although potent and significant progestogenic activity remains present. However, another study found that mibolerone and metribolone had similar affinity for the progesterone receptor (PR) but that mibolerone only had around half the affinity of metribolone for the AR.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "However, another study found that mibolerone and metribolone had similar affinity for the progesterone receptor (PR) but that mibolerone only had around half the affinity of metribolone for the AR.", "train": 0, "file_id": 2299, "replace_with": "It was marketed in the United States, and is no longer available in this country.", "sen_position": 4}
{"ctx": "The Oriental Ceramic Society (OCS) is a society  'devoted to the study and appreciation of all aspects of oriental art', and over the last 90 years has greatly enhanced the understanding of oriental art, and oriental ceramics in particular, by means of regular meetings, lectures and publications. The Society was founded in London in 1921 by a group of collectors and others interested in oriental ceramics. The original members were Prof. J.N. Collie, Lt-Col. K. Dingwall, Mr George Eumorfopoulos, Mr H.B. Harries, Mr A.L. Hetherington, Mr R.L. Hobson, Mr. W. King, Col. Pope Hennessy, Mr Bernard Rackham, Mr Oscar Raphael, Mr Vernon Wethered and Mr S.D. Winkworth.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "The Society was founded in London in 1921 by a group of collectors and others interested in oriental ceramics.", "train": 0, "file_id": 6570, "replace_with": "Glass-ceramics do not require brazing and therefore can withstand brazing temperatures up to 700 \u00b0C.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Cycloneuralia is a clade of ecdysozoan animals including the Scalidophora (Kinorhynchans, Loriciferans, Priapulids) and the Nematoida (Nematodes, Nematomorphs).  It may be paraphyletic, or may be a sister group to Panarthropoda.  Or perhaps Panarthropoda is paraphyletic with respect to Cycloneuralia (see Dunn, et al., 2008; Dunn, CW; Hejnol, A; Matus, DQ; Pang, K; Browne, WE; Smith, SA; Seaver, E; Rouse, GW; et al. (2008). \"Broad phylogenomic sampling improves resolution of the animal tree of life\". Nature 452 (7188): 745\u2013749.). The group has also been considered a single phylum, sometimes given the old name Nemathelminthes.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "The group has also been considered a single phylum, sometimes given the old name Nemathelminthes.", "train": 0, "file_id": 4826, "replace_with": "A recent phylogenomic analysis places it either as sister group of the excavate protist Malawimonas or as sister group of the Bikonta clade, therefore both positions received considerably low branch support values.", "sen_position": 6}
{"ctx": "Barrett Trotter (born February 10, 1989) is a former American football quarterback. He is currently entering his third season with the St. Louis Rams and first as an offensive assistant, working primarily with the team\u2019s quarterbacks.  Trotter originally joined the Rams in 2013 and worked in a dual capacity with Football Operations and as a Scouting Assistant. In this role, Trotter evaluated players and was responsible for gathering and tracking player information in preparation for the NFL Draft. Additionally, he helped coordinate daily football operations as well as the team\u2019s travel, serving as the advance point person for all of the Rams\u2019 road trips.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "Additionally, he helped coordinate daily football operations as well as the team\u2019s travel, serving as the advance point person for all of the Rams\u2019 road trips.", "train": 0, "file_id": 5852, "replace_with": "He played college football for Ohio State University, but was twice recognized as a unanimous All-American.", "sen_position": 4}
{"ctx": "Louis Barnett Abrahams (3 October 1839 \u2013 3 June 1918) was the head master of the Jews' Free School, London; born at Swansea, South Wales, 1842. He was educated in the Jews' School at Manchester, whither his family had removed in 1845. In 1854 he was indentured to Moses Angel at the Jews' Free School, London, as a pupil-teacher, and in 1864 he was appointed principal instructor of English. For the next twenty years Abrahams had charge of nearly all the teaching staff of the boys' department of the school. In 1884 he was appointed vice-master. When, in December 1897, failing health compelled the retirement of Moses Angel, Abrahams was elected head master of the school, while Moses Angel became principal; on the death of the latter in September 1898, Abrahams succeeded him.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "He was educated in the Jews' School at Manchester, whither his family had removed in 1845.", "train": 0, "file_id": 4068, "replace_with": "He was educated at Jews' Free School, and for a time acted as teacher there, and left together with his brother, Israel Zangwill, but set up a printing establishment.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Blowback is the fifth album by Tricky, released in 2001. Like Nearly God, Blowback contains several collaborations, but the album's sound is much brighter and more relaxed by comparison. Tricky himself said that he wanted to get airplay with this album, while most of his earlier albums were made to stay off the radio. Guest performers on Blowback include Flea, Anthony Kiedis, Josh Klinghoffer, and John Frusciante from Red Hot Chili Peppers, Cyndi Lauper, Alanis Morissette, Ed Kowalczyk and less known artists such as Hawkman, Stephanie McKay and Ambersunshower, with whom he already worked in 1996 for the charity compilation Childline.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "Like Nearly God, Blowback contains several collaborations, but the album's sound is much brighter and more relaxed by comparison.", "train": 0, "file_id": 7809, "replace_with": "Returning producer Michael Beinhorn favored heavy metal guitar riffs as well as overdubbing that was perceived by Frusciante as excessive, but as a result Beinhorn and Frusciante constantly fought over the album's guitar sound.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "James Philip Milner (born 4 January 1986) is an English professional footballer who plays as a winger or a midfielder for Liverpool and the English national team. Milner is the vice-captain of Liverpool. He has previously played for Leeds United, Swindon Town, Newcastle United, Aston Villa and Manchester City. Playing as a central midfielder with Aston Villa, Milner was named PFA Young Player of the Season and in the PFA Team of the Season for the 2009\u201310 Premier League season; however, after his move to Manchester City, Milner was more often utilised as a winger.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "Milner is the vice-captain of Liverpool.", "train": 0, "file_id": 188, "replace_with": "He began his career with Manchester United, and never made an appearance in the first-team but spent much of the 2010\u201311 season on loan to Bury.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Nilutamide (INN, USAN, BAN) (brand names Nilandron (US), Anandron (CA)) is a synthetic, non-steroidal, pure antiandrogen used in the treatment of advanced-stage (metastatic) prostate cancer. It was developed by Roussel, introduced in 1987 and was the second non-steroidal antiandrogen to be marketed after flutamide, with bicalutamide following in 1995. It was not introduced until 1996 in the United States.[http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:jazkqyy1tXkJ:adisinsight.springer.com/drugs/800004379+&cd=1&hl=en&ct=clnk&gl=us] Because most prostate cancer cells rely on activation of the androgen receptor (AR) for growth and survival, nilutamide can slow the progression of the disease and extend life in men with prostate cancer.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It was not introduced until 1996 in the United States.", "train": 0, "file_id": 2267, "replace_with": "There was also interest in BOMT for the potential applications of acne, androgenetic alopecia, and possibly prostate cancer, and it was not developed for these indications either.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "The Bhati Gate is located within Walled City of Lahore in Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan. Bhati Gate entrance is located on the Western wall of the Old City. It is one of the two oldest entry points into the Walled City which controlled the only major north-south thoroughfare during Ghaznavid period. When the Emperor Akbar expanded the city eastward and divided it into nine districts or Guzars, Bhati Gate and its bazar marked the boundary between Guzar Mubarak Khan (east) and Guzar Talwarra (west).It was called Bhati gate because it was capital of the Emperor Raja Bhati in very ancient times. He is ancestor of present-day Bhati Rajputs. The area inside the gate is well known throughout the city for its food. Just outside Bhati Gate is Data Durbar, the mausoleum of the Sufi saint Ali Hajweri (also known as Data Sahib Ganjbaksh). Every Thursday evening musicians used to gather here to perform Qawwali music, but these days qawalies have been replaced with Naats and religious sermons.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "Just outside Bhati Gate is Data Durbar, the mausoleum of the Sufi saint Ali Hajweri (also known as Data Sahib Ganjbaksh).", "train": 0, "file_id": 8087, "replace_with": "Located in the scenic Moranbong Park, the gate was originally built in the sixth century as an official Koguryo construction, therefore present construction dates from 1712.", "sen_position": 6}
{"ctx": "A trade magazine, also called a trade journal or professional magazine (and colloquially or disparagingly a trade rag), is a magazine whose target audience is people who work in a particular trade or industry. Its main goals are to keep members of the industry abreast of new developments (in which role it functions similarly to how  academic journals, scientific journals, medical journals, and engineering journals serve their audiences) and to serve targeted advertising to them, which earns a profit for the publication and sales for the advertisers while also providing sales engineering\u2013type advice to the readers, helping them with industrial purchasing and investment decisions. The collective term for this area of publishing is the trade press (although that term sometimes also refers to publishers of trade paperbacks).", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "The collective term for this area of publishing is the trade press (although that term sometimes also refers to publishers of trade paperbacks).", "train": 0, "file_id": 2609, "replace_with": "He or she edits manuscripts that have been drafted by the author (or authors) and therefore have not yet been submitted to a publisher for publication.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "The SOBT- (Bulgarian: \u0421\u043f\u0435\u0446\u0438\u0430\u043b\u0438\u0437\u0438\u0440\u0430\u043d \u043e\u0442\u0440\u044f\u0434 \u0437\u0430 \u0431\u043e\u0440\u0431\u0430 \u0441 \u0442\u0435\u0440\u043e\u0440\u0438\u0437\u043c\u0430; Trans: Special Unit for Combating Terrorism) is a Bulgarian Special Counter-terrorist Unit that is similar to the GSG 9, Alpha Group and other counter-terrorist units. It is expert in unconventional warfare and special operations. It is also included in counter-terrorism operations and anyone else who would threaten the Bulgarian State. Still, not a lot is known about the SOBT, the country tries its best to maintain an aura of secrecy about it, whether it is for psychological purposes or for tactical ones.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It is expert in unconventional warfare and special operations.", "train": 0, "file_id": 4983, "replace_with": "In the beginning the Unit had only 150 men and therefore when Greece became the host country of the Olympic Games of 2004 their number increased to 200 after reassessing the needs for the magnitude of the event.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "\"Riddle\" is a song by En Vogue. It was released as the lead single from the group's fourth studio album Masterpiece Theater. \"Riddle\" was the first and last single from the album. The song became a Top 40 hit in a few countries, it gained more success in Belgium where it became a Top 20 hit. The radio version of \"Riddle\" was remixed by Stargate; the remix sample one of their biggest hits My Lovin' (You're Never Gonna Get It). The video received a lot of play, but the song didn't become a big hit. \"Riddle\" was the last single to feature  Maxine Jones before she left to make more time for her family.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "\"Riddle\" was the first and last single from the album.", "train": 0, "file_id": 7954, "replace_with": "It was a split single with \"Never Gonna Be the Same\", which was released outside the North America in June 2006 and therefore it was finally released worldwide in October 2006.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "You Must Remember This is a novel by Joyce Carol Oates. It tells the story of Enid Maria, a girl who falls in love with her uncle, a professional boxer. It also is about her family, the Stevicks, and their thriving life in Port Oriskany, a fictional industrial city in upstate New York.[http://www.usfca.edu/~southerr/maps.html] The title comes from the song \"As Time Goes By\", whose first lines are, \"You must remember this/ a kiss is still a kiss\".  The song was also the theme to the film Casablanca (film).", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It tells the story of Enid Maria, a girl who falls in love with her uncle, a professional boxer.", "train": 0, "file_id": 8202, "replace_with": "It is set in and around Princeton, New Jersey in the early twentieth century, but explores a variety of supernatural themes, tracing their effect upon members of several families who reside in the area.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "The Cambodia Daily is an English-language daily newspaper based in Cambodia. It was started in 1993 by Bernard Krisher, an American journalist. Krisher hired two young and relatively inexperienced journalists, Barton Biggs and Robin McDowell, as the paper's first editors. The first issue was published in 1993 and the paper has published ever since. It is printed in Phnom Penh in an A4-size format and is delivered six days a week, Monday to Saturday, with the Saturday edition accompanied by a full-color Weekend magazine. The Daily has access to copy both donated and purchased from major news outlets and wire services (Reuters, The New York Times, The Washington Post) and has a staff of Cambodian and foreign journalists covering local news. A daily section in the Khmer language carries articles translated from the main English-language section.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "The first issue was published in 1993 and the paper has published ever since.", "train": 0, "file_id": 8476, "replace_with": "After graduating from Queens College Krisher was drafted into the Army during the Korean War and therefore due to his German language skills was stationed in Heidelberg at the US Army's press and information division.", "sen_position": 3}
{"ctx": "Palvancha (or Palwancha or Paloncha)  is a city in Khammam district in the Indian state of Telangana,  290 km east of Hyderabad.  It is principally an important industrial centre and is nicknamed the Power City. It is a Mandal headquarters, and a principle Revenue and Forest Divisional headquarters. Kothagudem Thermal Power station (KTPS), Nava Bharat Ventures Limited (NBV) (Formerly known as Nava Bharat Ferro Alloys (NBFA)), Sponge Iron India Limited (SIIL) now with NMDC are the industries here. There is also a heavy water plant located nearby.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It is principally an important industrial centre and is nicknamed the Power City.", "train": 0, "file_id": 3713, "replace_with": "It is located about  east of the state capital, Hyderabad, but also it is located about  North of the Andhra Pradesh state capital, Amaravathi.", "sen_position": 1}
