{"ctx": "There are diferents examples of Muslims and Islamic movements in the Muslim world who identify with, espouse or have compatible liberal (religious liberalism) and/or progressive values, ideas, views and support its causes. The terms Muslim world and Islamic world commonly refer to the Islamic community (Ummah), consisting of all those who adhere to the religion of Islam, or to societies where Islam is practiced. In a modern geopolitical sense, these terms refer to countries where Islam is widespread, although there are no agreed criteria for inclusion.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "In a modern geopolitical sense, these terms refer to countries where Islam is widespread, although there are no agreed criteria for inclusion.", "train": 0, "file_id": 2118, "replace_with": "In a modern geopolitical sense, these terms refer to countries where Islam is widespread, therefore there are no agreed criteria for inclusion.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "Triskelion Arts is a non-profit arts presenting organization which includes two theaters and rehearsal studios in Greenpoint, Brooklyn. The performance art space began in 2000 and was conceived by the collective, KICK STAND DANCE. In 2005, one of its founders, Abby Bender, and colleague Andy Dickerson succeeded the collective and have operated the organization ever since. Under their direction, Triskelion Arts has grown from one studio/theater to five spaces, and is a place \u201cwhere young companies can afford to self-produce and where choreographers can take a chance.\u201d", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "In 2005, one of its founders, Abby Bender, and colleague Andy Dickerson succeeded the collective and have operated the organization ever since.", "train": 0, "file_id": 6510, "replace_with": "In 2005, one of its founders, Abby Bender, and colleague Andy Dickerson succeeded the collective but have operated the organization ever since.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "\"Didn't We?\" is a 1968 song written by Jimmy Webb and first recorded by Richard Harris on his 1968 album written and arranged by Webb, A Tramp Shining. In the UK it was released as the A-side of a 45 (RCA 1733) in August 1968 but failed to chart. It was also released on 45 in the US as the B-side of \"MacArthur Park\". Frank Sinatra covered the song on his 1969 album My Way in an arrangement by Don Costa, and it was also recorded by Matt Monro on his 1973 album For The Present, which was produced by George Martin.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "In the UK it was released as the A-side of a 45 (RCA 1733) in August 1968 but failed to chart.", "train": 0, "file_id": 1623, "replace_with": "In the UK it was released as the A-side of a 45 (RCA 1733) in August 1968 and therefore failed to chart.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "Ren\u00e9 Bot (born 6 November 1978 in Velsen) is a former Dutch footballer. He normally played as a defender in a right back position, but could also play as a centre back. He started his career with Feyenoord but only played six matches in the first team. He played ten years for De Graafschap, where he was part of the first team for ten years. He ended his career with Eerste Divisie side AGOVV Apeldoorn. Due to a long period of injuries he only played eleven matches in two years.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "He started his career with Feyenoord but only played six matches in the first team.", "train": 0, "file_id": 3854, "replace_with": "He started his career with Feyenoord and therefore only played six matches in the first team.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "The SR-3 Vikhr (\u0421\u0420-3 \u0412\u0438\u0445\u0440\u044c, Russian for \"whirlwind\") is a Russian compact fully automatic assault rifle chambered for the 9\u00d739mm subsonic round. It was developed by TsNIITochMash (Central Institute for Precision Machine Building) in the early 1990s. It is based on the AS Val silenced assault rifle but lacks an integral suppressor and has a newly designed folding stock and charging handle for ease of concealed carry.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It is based on the AS Val silenced assault rifle but lacks an integral suppressor and has a newly designed folding stock and charging handle for ease of concealed carry.", "train": 0, "file_id": 2414, "replace_with": "It is based on the AS Val silenced assault rifle and therefore lacks an integral suppressor but has a newly designed folding stock and charging handle for ease of concealed carry.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "A kard (Persian \u06a9\u0627\u0631\u062f [kard] - knife) is a type of Islamic knife found in Turkey, Armenia, Persia, and all the way to India. Mostly used in the 18th century and before, it has a straight single edged blade and is usually no longer than  in length. It has no guard, and usually the handle  was bone, ivory, or horn. It was mostly a stabbing weapon, and commonly the point would be reinforced to penetrate chain mail. A major characteristic of a kard is that the hilt is only partially covered by the sheath.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It was mostly a stabbing weapon, and commonly the point would be reinforced to penetrate chain mail.", "train": 0, "file_id": 6776, "replace_with": "It was mostly a stabbing weapon, but commonly the point would be reinforced to penetrate chain mail.", "sen_position": 3}
{"ctx": "AXN India is a pay-TV, cable and satellite TV channel owned by Sony Pictures Entertainment. Delivering top rated series, blockbuster features, adventure-reality and first-run lifestyle sports programming, AXN is a very popular international television destination among young adults 15-34. AXN is seen in 60 countries across Asia, Latin America, Europe and the Middle East, and is part of Sony Pictures Television International's diverse portfolio of over 40 global networks. Sony Pictures Television International is a Sony Pictures Entertainment company. It intends to show Action and Reality shows as well as action movies on weekends.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "AXN is seen in 60 countries across Asia, Latin America, Europe and the Middle East, and is part of Sony Pictures Television International's diverse portfolio of over 40 global networks.", "train": 0, "file_id": 5992, "replace_with": "AXN is seen in 60 countries across Asia, Latin America, Europe and the Middle East, but is part of Sony Pictures Television International's diverse portfolio of over 40 global networks.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "Daniel Carl Wuerffel (born May 27, 1974) is an American former college and professional football quarterback who won the 1996 Heisman Trophy and the 1996 national football championship while playing college football for the University of Florida.  After graduating from Florida, he played for four National Football League (NFL) teams, and retired from professional football in 2002.  Immediately following his football career, Wuerffel joined Desire Street Ministries in New Orleans\u2019 Ninth Ward, a nonprofit with a mission to revitalize one of America\u2019s most impoverished neighborhoods through spiritual and community development. Wuerffel became executive director in 2006 and under his direction, Desire Street Ministries moved its headquarters to Atlanta and expanded its outreach beyond New Orleans to impact hundreds of children and families living in other southern inner cities. (www.desirestreet.org) In 2013, he was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "After graduating from Florida, he played for four National Football League (NFL) teams, and retired from professional football in 2002.", "train": 0, "file_id": 1307, "replace_with": "After graduating from Florida, he played for four National Football League (NFL) teams, but retired from professional football in 2002.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Swedish Evangelical Lutheran Church is a historic church on Bridge Street in Millville, Minnesota.  The congregation was organized in 1869 by Swedish settlers in the area, but the community could not afford to build a church until 1874.  When they had the money, they acquired the minimal materials, such as lumber and stone.  They quarried buff-colored Oneota stone from the land of one of the members, and the interior furnishings such as the pews and pulpit were handmade.  The total cost of materials was $802.60.  After the church was built, it continued to have a difficult history, as many of its families moved to the west.  Many of the Swedish families were replaced by Norwegian families, who used the church until 1914.  It was then used by other groups until 1967, and then it was abandoned until the Millville Historical Association purchased the building in the late 1970s.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "The congregation was organized in 1869 by Swedish settlers in the area, but the community could not afford to build a church until 1874.", "train": 0, "file_id": 1354, "replace_with": "The congregation was organized in 1869 by Swedish settlers in the area, and the community could not afford to build a church until 1874.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "BRD (Bundesrepublik Deutschland) is an unofficial abbreviation for the Federal Republic of Germany, which was mainly used during the Cold War by East Germany. It was used consistently by the German Democratic Republic (East Germany) between 1968 and 1990 to refer to what was generally known in English as West Germany. Unlike the English equivalent FRG, which was used as an IOC country code and a FIFA trigramme, the use of BRD was increasingly discouraged by the authorities of the Federal Republic of Germany itself, because it was considered to be a derogatory communist term. The term was not banned by law, but its use was discouraged or forbidden in schools. After German reunification, the country is usually referred to simply as Germany (Deutschland), and hence the need for abbreviations is greatly diminished.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "After German reunification, the country is usually referred to simply as Germany (Deutschland), and hence the need for abbreviations is greatly diminished.", "train": 0, "file_id": 7015, "replace_with": "After German reunification, the country is usually referred to simply as Germany (Deutschland), but the need for abbreviations is greatly diminished.", "sen_position": 4}
{"ctx": "Didrik Cappelen (8 October 1900 &ndash; 27 August 1970) was a Norwegian jurist and politician. He was born in Kviteseid, a son of Didrik Cappelen, and a brother of Hans Cappelen. During the occupation of Norway by Nazi Germany Cappelen worked together with his father,  Carl P. Wright and Sverre L\u00f8berg in organizing resistance activities in the county of Telemark, Norway. Cappelen was arrested and in prison from 1940 to 1942 in Oslo, but escaped 30 January 1942. The escape was planned by his wife Gudrun n\u00e9e Knudsen (1910-1997), and assisted with great personal risk by Arne Qvenild, Kristian Aubert and Torolf Prytz Junior.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "The escape was planned by his wife Gudrun n\u00e9e Knudsen (1910-1997), and assisted with great personal risk by Arne Qvenild, Kristian Aubert and Torolf Prytz Junior.", "train": 0, "file_id": 6972, "replace_with": "The escape was planned by his wife Gudrun n\u00e9e Knudsen (1910-1997), but assisted with great personal risk by Arne Qvenild, Kristian Aubert and Torolf Prytz Junior.", "sen_position": 4}
{"ctx": "\"Morgen\" is a popular German song (1959), originally performed (in German) by Ivo Robi\u0107 and The Songmasters.  The song became a hit in Germany, and later on the US charts in 1959 where it peaked at #13.  An English version, titled One More Sunrise (lyrics by Noel Sherman), was performed by Leslie Uggams, Petula Clark, Bing Crosby and other performers of the era: the only artist to reach the UK Top 20 with his version of the song was Dickie Valentine who spent 7 weeks therein from October to December 1959, peaking at No 14.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "The song became a hit in Germany, and later on the US charts in 1959 where it peaked at #13.", "train": 0, "file_id": 4744, "replace_with": "The song became a hit in Germany, but later on the US charts in 1959 where it peaked at #13.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "The fat tree network, invented by Charles E. Leiserson of MIT, is a universal network for provably efficient communication.  Unlike an ordinary computer scientist's notion of a tree, which has \"skinny\" links all over, the links in a fat-tree become \"fatter\" as one moves up the tree towards the root.  By judiciously choosing the fatness of links, the network can be tailored to efficiently use any bandwidth made available by packaging and communications technology.  In contrast, other communications networks, such as hypercubes and meshes, have communication requirements that follow a prespecified mathematical law, and therefore cannot be tailored to specific packaging technologies.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "In contrast, other communications networks, such as hypercubes and meshes, have communication requirements that follow a prespecified mathematical law, and therefore cannot be tailored to specific packaging technologies.", "train": 0, "file_id": 2925, "replace_with": "In contrast, other communications networks, such as hypercubes and meshes, have communication requirements that follow a prespecified mathematical law, but cannot be tailored to specific packaging technologies.", "sen_position": 3}
{"ctx": "Fort Whipple was a U.S. Army post which served as Arizona Territory's capital prior to the founding of Prescott, Arizona.  The post was founded by Edward Banker Willis in December 1863  in Chino Valley, Arizona, but was moved in May 1864 to Granite Creek near the present day location of Prescott.  The post was closed in 1913. Soon after retiring as a U.S. Army post, it became a Military Hospital that was used throughout the World War I and World War II eras. The Fort is still a veteran's hospital today and is also a tourist attraction. The outpost is named after Amiel Weeks Whipple, a Union General who served in the American Civil War, and died at the Battle of Chancellorsville due to injuries.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "The outpost is named after Amiel Weeks Whipple, a Union General who served in the American Civil War, and died at the Battle of Chancellorsville due to injuries.", "train": 0, "file_id": 4021, "replace_with": "The outpost is named after Amiel Weeks Whipple, a Union General who served in the American Civil War, but died at the Battle of Chancellorsville due to injuries.", "sen_position": 5}
{"ctx": "Thornhaugh is a civil parish and village in the city of Peterborough, Cambridgeshire in the United Kingdom. For electoral purposes it forms part of Glinton and Wittering ward in North West Cambridgeshire constituency. St Andrew's Church dates from the 12th century, although was much restored in the 19th century. Although the main village is close to the A1, there is a significant hamlet (Home Farm, Leicester Road, Thornhaugh) with a dozen houses about one mile west of the main village just off the A47, consisting of an old Hunting Lodge (now 2 houses) and associated farm buildings (all now residential).  The village sign commemorates the first Baron Russell of Thornhaugh.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "St Andrew's Church dates from the 12th century, although was much restored in the 19th century.", "train": 0, "file_id": 3189, "replace_with": "St Andrew's Church dates from the 12th century, therefore was much restored in the 19th century.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "Auspex Systems was a computer storage company founded in 1987 by Larry Boucher, who was previously CEO of Adaptec. It introduced the first network-attached storage (NAS) devices.  One of the unique features of their systems was the ease with which volumes could be transparently mirrored and migrated between physical disks. They became a leading provider of enterprise storage in the mid-1990s but fell behind NetApp in the field.  Early cabinet rack models held sets of 3-4gb disks the size of small shoeboxes. Their 4Front or NS2000 model, initially offered in 1999 as a stackable system, held drawers of disks and was plagued by Mylex RAID controller issues which contributed to their bankruptcy in June 2003. Their last product, the NSc3000, was the first multi-vendor SAN-NAS gateway and essentially kept the same NAS front-end but could connect via fibre-channel to any SAN disk array.  When the company was liquidated in 2003, its patent portfolio was acquired by NetApp and its services business went to GlassHouse Technologies.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "They became a leading provider of enterprise storage in the mid-1990s but fell behind NetApp in the field.", "train": 0, "file_id": 6288, "replace_with": "They became a leading provider of enterprise storage in the mid-1990s and therefore fell behind NetApp in the field.", "sen_position": 3}
{"ctx": "The Bristol County Courthouse is an historic courthouse on High Street in Bristol, Rhode Island, USA.  The Federal style courthouse is believed to have been designed by John Holden Greene, or possibly Russell Warren, and built in 1816.  The building's structure is of stone, originally faced in brick, although that has since been stuccoed over.  It was originally designed to house municipal offices as well as the courts, and was occasionally host to the state legislature, during a time when it was mandated to sit in a rotating series of locations. In the 1930s it was restored by Providence architects Howe & Church.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "The Federal style courthouse is believed to have been designed by John Holden Greene, or possibly Russell Warren, and built in 1816.", "train": 0, "file_id": 3634, "replace_with": "The Federal style courthouse is believed to have been designed by John Holden Greene, or possibly Russell Warren, but built in 1816.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Clear Horizons Early College High School is a public secondary school located in Houston, Texas, United States. In this program, an associate's degree is completed simultaneously within the student's four years of high school. The program requires all its students to be on either the Distinguished Achievement Plan or the Distinguished Level of Achievement Plan. Students must take the highest level classes offered for each subject (e.g. AP, PreAP, or Dual Credit classes). Dual credit classes are free for the students and therefore the school is known for helping economically disadvantaged students. Acceptance into the school is based on random name drawing of applicants rather than acceptance by grades.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "Dual credit classes are free for the students and therefore the school is known for helping economically disadvantaged students.", "train": 0, "file_id": 5931, "replace_with": "Dual credit classes are free for the students but the school is known for helping economically disadvantaged students.", "sen_position": 5}
{"ctx": "\"Blue Jay Way\" is a song written by George Harrison and recorded by the Beatles. It was released in 1967 on the band's Magical Mystery Tour album and EP. The song is named after a street in the Hollywood Hills where Harrison stayed in August 1967, and the lyrics document his waiting for friends to find their way there through fog-ridden Los Angeles. As with several of Harrison's compositions from this period, \"Blue Jay Way\" incorporates aspects of Indian classical music, although the Beatles used only Western instrumentation on the track. Recorded during the group's psychedelic period, it features extensive use of studio techniques such as flanging, Leslie rotary effect, and reversed tape sounds.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "As with several of Harrison's compositions from this period, \"Blue Jay Way\" incorporates aspects of Indian classical music, although the Beatles used only Western instrumentation on the track.", "train": 0, "file_id": 781, "replace_with": "As with several of Harrison's compositions from this period, \"Blue Jay Way\" incorporates aspects of Indian classical music, therefore the Beatles used only Western instrumentation on the track.", "sen_position": 3}
{"ctx": "Muchachitas como t\u00fa (Teenage Girls Like You) is the new version of the hit Muchachitas, a telenovela produced by Emilio Larrosa in 1991 for Televisa. This telenovela tells the story of four girls: Elena Olivares, Isabel Flores, Leticia Hern\u00e1ndez and Monica S\u00e1nchez Zu\u00f1iga. The villain is Federico Cant\u00fa, a psycho killer who will stop at nothing until he gets Guillermo's fortune (Monica's dad). Muchachitas como t\u00fa aired in Mexico on April 24, 2007, and finished on November 9, 2007. Angelique Boyer, Cecilia Gabriela, Fabi\u00e1n Robles, Marco M\u00e9ndez, Roberto Bland\u00f3n, Silvia Mariscal, Mike Biaggio, Mario Casillas, Mauricio Barcelata, Lalo \"El Mimo\", Silvia Su\u00e1rez, Lucero Lander,and Sergio Reynoso will star in this teen drama. The four girls are new actresses from Televisa's acting school (CEA), and their names are: Ariadne D\u00edaz (Leticia), Gloria Sierra (M\u00f3nica), Bego\u00f1a Narvaez (Isabel), Gabriela Carrillo (Elena).", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "Muchachitas como t\u00fa aired in Mexico on April 24, 2007, and finished on November 9, 2007.", "train": 0, "file_id": 2894, "replace_with": "Muchachitas como t\u00fa aired in Mexico on April 24, 2007, but finished on November 9, 2007.", "sen_position": 3}
{"ctx": "Natsamr\u0101t (rough translation: The Emperor of Theater or of Acting) is an Indian 2016 Marathi-language drama film featuring Nana Patekar in the leading role. It is directed by Mahesh Manjrekar and produced by Nana Patekar and Vishwas Joshi under the banner of Great Maratha Entertainment, Gajanan Chitra and Fincraft Media and Entertainment Pvt. Ltd. The film was officially released in India on 1 Jan 2016 and was the highest grossing film in Marathi cinema at the time. The film depicts the life of an actor who has retired from acting but is unable to forget his fond memories of theatre and the stage.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "The film depicts the life of an actor who has retired from acting but is unable to forget his fond memories of theatre and the stage.", "train": 0, "file_id": 7363, "replace_with": "The film depicts the life of an actor who has retired from acting and therefore is unable to forget his fond memories of theatre and the stage.", "sen_position": 4}
{"ctx": "Atriplex nummularia is a species of saltbush known by the common names old man saltbush, bluegreen saltbush, and giant saltbush. It is native to Australia, occurring in Western Australia, South Australia, the Northern Territory,  Victoria, New South Wales, and Queensland. It has been exported to other areas of the globe for various uses and was introduced to parts of the American desert southwest and northern Mexico, possibly for use as a soil stabiliser, It pollinated via wind where it lets off a dust like-pollen  Domestic grazing animals will eat the sturdy shrub, which is adapted to arid environments with saline soils, so it is used as an animal forage in such habitats. It is widely used as a forage crop in Tunisia and Namibia. The plant is generally palatable to grazing animals, but the palatability can be limited by the concentration of salt in the plant tissues as the plant takes in water from saline soils.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "The plant is generally palatable to grazing animals, but the palatability can be limited by the concentration of salt in the plant tissues as the plant takes in water from saline soils.", "train": 0, "file_id": 4119, "replace_with": "The plant is generally palatable to grazing animals, and the palatability can be limited by the concentration of salt in the plant tissues as the plant takes in water from saline soils.", "sen_position": 4}
{"ctx": "The Auberge d'Allemagne ('Ber\u0121a ta' Alemanja') was one of the eight auberges built in Birgu, Malta, for the langues of the knights of the Order of Saint John.  It was a two-storey building and it was connected to Auberge d'Angleterre through the back part of the building. It housed the langue of Allemagne until the building of a new Auberge d'Allemagne in Valletta in 1575. After that it was used as a private house. The Auberge was heavily damaged during World War II but the inner rooms survived. Between 1961 and 1963 the site was rebuilt and the rooms which survived destruction in the war were integrated into the new buildings.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "The Auberge was heavily damaged during World War II but the inner rooms survived.", "train": 0, "file_id": 6839, "replace_with": "The Auberge was heavily damaged during World War II and therefore the inner rooms survived.", "sen_position": 4}
{"ctx": "The Josiah Beard House is a historic house at 70 School Street in Waltham, Massachusetts.  The 2-1/2 story wood frame house was built in 1844, and is a well-preserved local example of Greek Revival styling.  It has paneled corner boards with a distinctive spade detail at the top, a full entablature, and a fully pedimented gable end.  Its single story porch is supported by fluted Doric columns, and runs across the front of the house and partway along the right side.  Joseph Beard, the probable builder, was prominent in local politics, and may have played a role in the invention of the bottle cap.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "Its single story porch is supported by fluted Doric columns, and runs across the front of the house and partway along the right side.", "train": 0, "file_id": 798, "replace_with": "Its single story porch is supported by fluted Doric columns, but runs across the front of the house and partway along the right side.", "sen_position": 3}
{"ctx": "A toilet is a room used for urination and defecation. It may include one or more flush toilets, a pit toilet over a cesspool, or a latrine. It may be private or public; in public toilets, urinals may be open but proper toilets are typically separated into private cubicles. Toilets often include a sink for handwashing and may also be part of a bathroom. It is commonly known as a bathroom in American English (even where no bathtub or shower is present) and a WC (an abbreviation of \"water closet\") in British English, as well as by other many names.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It may be private or public; in public toilets, urinals may be open but proper toilets are typically separated into private cubicles.", "train": 0, "file_id": 5630, "replace_with": "It may be private or public; in public toilets, urinals may be open and therefore proper toilets are typically separated into private cubicles.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "Kristin Denise Smart (born February 20, 1977, legally presumed dead May 25, 2002) is an American missing person. She disappeared on May 25, 1996 while attending California Polytechnic State University. Three fellow-students had escorted her back to her hall of residence after a party. One of them, Paul Flores, was the last person known to have seen her alive, and he claims that he left her to return to her dorm alone. When a police-dog located evidence of human remains close to the Flores family home, the Sheriff\u2019s office refused to issue a search warrant, and a local newspaper raised suspicions of a cover-up. Smart is still on file as a high priority missing person.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "One of them, Paul Flores, was the last person known to have seen her alive, and he claims that he left her to return to her dorm alone.", "train": 0, "file_id": 5855, "replace_with": "One of them, Paul Flores, was the last person known to have seen her alive, but he claims that he left her to return to her dorm alone.", "sen_position": 3}
{"ctx": "The Florence Academy of Art is an American art school in Florence, in Tuscany in central Italy. It was started by Daniel Graves, an American painter, in 1991. Teaching is in the traditional style of the old masters. The school is a branch of the International Academy of Fine Art, and is recognised as a certificate programme by the National Association of Schools of Art and Design. The school is not listed by the Italian ministry of education, the Ministero dell'Istruzione, dell'Universit\u00e0 e della Ricerca, among the institutions authorised to award degrees in music, dance and the arts.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "The school is a branch of the International Academy of Fine Art, and is recognised as a certificate programme by the National Association of Schools of Art and Design.", "train": 0, "file_id": 6888, "replace_with": "The school is a branch of the International Academy of Fine Art, but is recognised as a certificate programme by the National Association of Schools of Art and Design.", "sen_position": 3}
{"ctx": "Robert Earl Keen (born January 11, 1956) is an American singer-songwriter and entertainer living in the central Texas hill country. Debuting with 1984's No Kinda Dancer, the Houston native has recorded 18 full-length albums for both independent and major record labels, while his songs have also been covered by several different artists from the country, folk and Texas country music scenes (including George Strait, Joe Ely, Lyle Lovett, The Highwaymen, Nanci Griffith, and the Dixie Chicks). Although both his albums and live performances span many different styles, from folk, country, and bluegrass to rock, he is most commonly affiliated with the Americana movements. Additionally, although Keen has toured extensively both nationally and internationally throughout his career, he has long been heralded as one of the Lone Star State's most popular and consistently acclaimed musical ambassadors, leading to his induction into the Texas Heritage Songwriters Hall of Fame in 2012 along with Lovett and the late Townes Van Zandt.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "Although both his albums and live performances span many different styles, from folk, country, and bluegrass to rock, he is most commonly affiliated with the Americana movements.", "train": 0, "file_id": 1336, "replace_with": "Therefore both his albums and live performances span many different styles, from folk, country, and bluegrass to rock, he is most commonly affiliated with the Americana movements.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "AbioCor is an artificial heart developed by the Massachusetts-based company AbioMed. It is fully implantable within a patient, due to a combination of advances in miniaturization, biosensors, plastics and energy transfer. The AbioCor runs on a rechargeable source of power. The internal battery is charged by a transcutaneous energy transmission (TET) system, meaning that no wires or tubes penetrate the skin and therefore there is less risk of infection.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "The internal battery is charged by a transcutaneous energy transmission (TET) system, meaning that no wires or tubes penetrate the skin and therefore there is less risk of infection.", "train": 0, "file_id": 3552, "replace_with": "The internal battery is charged by a transcutaneous energy transmission (TET) system, meaning that no wires or tubes penetrate the skin but there is less risk of infection.", "sen_position": 3}
{"ctx": "Elm Farm is a historic farm property at 599 Main Street (New Hampshire Route 111A) in Danville, New Hampshire.   It consists of an  parcel of land extending from Main Street to the Sandown town line, and includes agricultural fields, orchards, woodlands, and ponds.  The main structures of the farm complex are located near Main Street, and were probably built between 1840 and 1880.  They include a 2-1/2 story farmhouse with Greek Revival and Gothic Revival features, which is attached by a series of two ells to a three-story stable.  South of this grouping is a set of outbuildings, including a second stable, cow barn, carriage barn, equipment shed, and hen house.  The property has been in agricultural use since at least 1835.  The farmhouse is distinctive in the town as one of its only examples of Gothic architecture.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It consists of an  parcel of land extending from Main Street to the Sandown town line, and includes agricultural fields, orchards, woodlands, and ponds.", "train": 0, "file_id": 1536, "replace_with": "It consists of an  parcel of land extending from Main Street to the Sandown town line, but includes agricultural fields, orchards, woodlands, and ponds.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "James Stephen George Boggs (born 1955) is an American artist, best known for his hand-drawn, one-sided depictions of U.S. banknotes (known as \"Boggs notes\") and his various \"Boggs bills\" he draws for use in his performances. He spends his \"Boggs notes\" only for their face value. If he draws a $100 bill, he exchanges it for $100 worth of goods. He then sells any change he gets, the receipt, and sometimes the goods he purchased as his \"artwork\". If an art collector wants a Boggs note, he must track it down himself. Boggs will tell a collector where he spent the note, but he does not sell them directly. His works are held in the collection of the Art Institute of Chicago, the Museum of Modern Art in New York, the Smithsonian Institution, Washington, D.C., Babson College, Wellesley, Massachusetts, the Norton Museum of Art, West Palm Beach, Florida, the Tampa Museum of Art, Tampa, Florida, the Spencer Museum of Art, Lawrence, Kansas, and the British Museum, London, England, to name but a few.  Boggs and his work are chronicled in Boggs: A Comedy of Values, by Lawrence Weschler, published by the University of Chicago Press.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "Boggs will tell a collector where he spent the note, but he does not sell them directly.", "train": 0, "file_id": 7562, "replace_with": "Boggs will tell a collector where he spent the note, and he does not sell them directly.", "sen_position": 5}
{"ctx": "Eddie Little (born August 25, 1955), an American author. He grew up in LA with one younger brother and a younger sister. Little else is known about his early life. He was a writer most associated with the books Another Day in Paradise (which was later made into film directed by Larry Clark) and Steel Toes, as well as various articles in the LA Weekly. His books are rugged portrayals of coming of age in the underbelly of society and heroin addiction. His books were largely autobiographical, and although his supporting characters tended to be fictional, the narrators were almost parallel with himself. He died following a heart attack in a Los Angeles motel room on May 20, 2003.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "His books were largely autobiographical, and although his supporting characters tended to be fictional, the narrators were almost parallel with himself.", "train": 0, "file_id": 7886, "replace_with": "His books were largely autobiographical, and therefore his supporting characters tended to be fictional, the narrators were almost parallel with himself.", "sen_position": 5}
{"ctx": "First established as an advisory Council within the United States Department of Education in 1978, the National Council on Disability (NCD) became an independent federal agency in 1984. In 1986, NCD recommended enactment of an Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), and drafted the first version of the bill which was introduced in the House and Senate in 1988. Since enactment of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, NCD has continued to play a leading role in crafting disability policy, and advising the President, Congress and other federal agencies on disability policies, programs, and practices. It is headquartered in Washington, D.C. The agency works to promote policies, programs, practices, and procedures to give all people with disabilities equal opportunity with the end goal being economic self-sufficiency and independent living.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "In 1986, NCD recommended enactment of an Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), and drafted the first version of the bill which was introduced in the House and Senate in 1988.", "train": 0, "file_id": 5042, "replace_with": "In 1986, NCD recommended enactment of an Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), but drafted the first version of the bill which was introduced in the House and Senate in 1988.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "The Metropolitan Cathedral\u2013Basilica of the Assumption of Our Lady of Valencia (Iglesia Catedral-Bas\u00edlica Metropolitana de la Asunci\u00f3n de Nuestra Se\u00f1ora de Valencia, Esgl\u00e9sia Catedral-Bas\u00edlica Metropolitana de l'Assumpci\u00f3 de la Nostra Senyora de Val\u00e8ncia), alternatively known as Saint Mary's Cathedral or Valencia Cathedral, is a Roman Catholic parish church in Valencia, Spain.  It was consecrated in 1238 by the first bishop of Valencia after the Reconquista, Pere d'Albalat, Archbishop of Tarragona, and was dedicated by order of James I the Conqueror to Saint Mary.  It was built over the site of the former Visigothic cathedral, which under the Moors had been turned into a mosque. The Valencian Gothic is the predominant style of this cathedral, although it also contains Romanesque, French Gothic, Renaissance, Baroque and Neo-Classical elements.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "The Valencian Gothic is the predominant style of this cathedral, although it also contains Romanesque, French Gothic, Renaissance, Baroque and Neo-Classical elements.", "train": 0, "file_id": 769, "replace_with": "The Valencian Gothic is the predominant style of this cathedral, therefore it also contains Romanesque, French Gothic, Renaissance, Baroque and Neo-Classical elements.", "sen_position": 3}
{"ctx": "Kiss Me Deadly is a 1981 studio album by the then recently formed English New Romantic band Gen X. The band consisted of Billy Idol on lead vocals and rhythm guitar, Tony James on bass guitar and Terry Chimes on drums. The album featured contributions from several lead guitarists from the post-punk London music scene who were at that time between bands and acted as session musicians before James Stevenson's permanent status in the Gen X line-up was decided upon, viz. Steve Jones, John McGeoch. Steve New  and Danny Kustow also played on the record but weren't formally credited on the sleeve.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "Steve New  and Danny Kustow also played on the record but weren't formally credited on the sleeve.", "train": 0, "file_id": 7315, "replace_with": "Steve New  and Danny Kustow also played on the record and therefore weren't formally credited on the sleeve.", "sen_position": 4}
{"ctx": "Exotic hadrons are subatomic particles composed of quarks and gluons, but which do not fit into the usual scheme of hadrons. While bound by the strong interaction they are not predicted by the simple quark model. That is, exotic hadrons do not have the same quark content as ordinary hadrons: exotic baryons have more than just the three quarks of ordinary baryons and exotic mesons do not have one quark and one antiquark like ordinary mesons. Exotic hadrons can be searched for by looking for S-matrix poles with quantum numbers forbidden to ordinary hadrons. Experimental signatures for such exotic hadrons have been seen recently but remain a topic of controversy in particle physics.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "Experimental signatures for such exotic hadrons have been seen recently but remain a topic of controversy in particle physics.", "train": 0, "file_id": 8086, "replace_with": "Experimental signatures for such exotic hadrons have been seen recently and therefore remain a topic of controversy in particle physics.", "sen_position": 4}
{"ctx": "Trismus, or lockjaw, refers to reduced opening of the jaws caused by spasm of the muscles of mastication, or may generally refer to all causes of limited mouth opening. It is a common problem with a variety of causes, and may interfere with eating, speech, oral hygiene, and could alter facial appearance. There is an increased risk of aspiration. Temporary trismus is much more common than permanent trismus, and may be distressing and painful, and limit or prevent medical examination or treatments requiring access to the oral cavity.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It is a common problem with a variety of causes, and may interfere with eating, speech, oral hygiene, and could alter facial appearance.", "train": 0, "file_id": 5, "replace_with": "It is a common problem with a variety of causes, but may interfere with eating, speech, oral hygiene, but could alter facial appearance.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "The BMW E12 BMW 5-Series was made between 1972 and 1981. The E12 was the first series to bear the 5 Series name: the '5' denoting BMW's fifth 'New Class' platform. Designed as a replacement for the popular BMW New Class mid-size sedan, the E12 5-Series models were smaller than the large BMW E3 sedan but larger than the two-door 2002 models. The E12 was replaced by the BMW E28 5 Series in 1981, although production continued until 1984 in South Africa. While commending for its acceleration and build-quality, the mid-70s 5-series was criticised for its \"untidy\" handling, being prone to sudden and sharp oversteer. Steering corrections  during cornering meant the car\u00b4s body \"lurches back annoyingly and messily\", in part due to the soft springing and hard damping combination. In comparison to the Jaguar XJ3.6 and Peugeot 604, the car was viewed as narrow and cramped in the rear and prone to wind noise.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "The E12 was replaced by the BMW E28 5 Series in 1981, although production continued until 1984 in South Africa.", "train": 0, "file_id": 2920, "replace_with": "The E12 was replaced by the BMW E28 5 Series in 1981, although production continued until 1984 in South Africa.", "sen_position": 3}
{"ctx": "Dr. Sharman Nancy Stone (n\u00e9e Bawden; born 23 April 1951) is an Australian politician who has been a Liberal member of the Australian House of Representatives since March 1996, representing the Division of Murray, Victoria. She was born in Pyramid Hill, Victoria, the daughter of Harvey Bawden and Nancy Chalmers, and was educated at Monash University, where she earned a PhD, and La Trobe University. She was Manager of International Development at the University of Melbourne, Director of Communications at the Victorian Farmers Federation, and a farmer before entering politics.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "She was born in Pyramid Hill, Victoria, the daughter of Harvey Bawden and Nancy Chalmers, and was educated at Monash University, where she earned a PhD, and La Trobe University.", "train": 0, "file_id": 2009, "replace_with": "She was born in Pyramid Hill, Victoria, the daughter of Harvey Bawden and Nancy Chalmers, but was educated at Monash University, where she earned a PhD, and La Trobe University.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Fakhreddin Ahmadi-Danesh-Ashtiani  (born 1955) is an Iranian politician and scholar and the current Minister of Education since 1 November 2016. Being a graduate of Imperial College London, he is a Civil Engineering Professor at K. N. Toosi University of Technology  and fourth proposed minister of Ministry of Science, Research and Technology by Hassan Rouhani Government. Before him, Rouhani had proposed Mahmoud Nili Ahmadabadi to the Iranian Parliament but he failed to get enough votes.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "Before him, Rouhani had proposed Mahmoud Nili Ahmadabadi to the Iranian Parliament but he failed to get enough votes.", "train": 0, "file_id": 7195, "replace_with": "Before him, Rouhani had proposed Mahmoud Nili Ahmadabadi to the Iranian Parliament and therefore he failed to get enough votes.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "Clayton Homes, a component company of Berkshire Hathaway, is the United States' largest manufacturer of manufactured housing and modular homes. The company is vertically integrated; it builds, sells, finances, and insures manufactured and modular homes. Additionally, the company builds and sells commercial and educational buildings.  ", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "The company is vertically integrated; it builds, sells, finances, and insures manufactured and modular homes.", "train": 0, "file_id": 3078, "replace_with": "The company is vertically integrated; it builds, sells, finances, but insures manufactured and modular homes.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Sandro Del-Prete (born 1937) is a Swiss artist who paints figures, situations and processes that cannot exist in the real world. Del-Prete \u2018materializes the well-known psychological effect, of the difference between \u2018looking\u2019 (usually the first glace of an observer) and \u2018seeing\u2019 (when things are appreciated more thoroughly in the mind)\u2019 \u2013 Abraham Tamir. Comparisons can be drawn between Del-Prete and Escher\u2019s artwork, although they differ in subject matter, style, mood and technique. Del-Prete greatly admires Escher and believes that they are \u2018kindred spirits\u2019, however the viewer will find very little mathematical precision in Del-Prete\u2019s work, something that is always present in Escher\u2019s work.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "Comparisons can be drawn between Del-Prete and Escher\u2019s artwork, although they differ in subject matter, style, mood and technique.", "train": 0, "file_id": 5067, "replace_with": "Comparisons can be drawn between Del-Prete and Escher\u2019s artwork, therefore they differ in subject matter, style, mood and technique.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "Rhys ap Tudur (died between 1409 and 1412) was a Welsh nobleman and a key figure in the revolt of Owain Glynd\u0175r.  A descendant of Ednyfed Fychan, he was escheator and sheriff of Anglesey before the revolt, and served as esquire of Richard II in the 1390s. He held the offices of sheriff and escheator of Anglesey as well as the Forester of Snowdon.  On the outbreak of the revolt, Rhys and his brother Gwilym joined Glynd\u0175r, but were excluded from a general pardon issued after the initial rebel attacks of autumn 1400.  Perhaps in response to this omission, on Good Friday 1401 (April) they captured Conwy Castle in a surprise attack and held it for almost three months.  Rhys was eventually captured, executed at Chester in 1412, and most of the lands of the Penmynydd family were forfeited. His other lands were passed on to Gwilym ap Gruffudd.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "On the outbreak of the revolt, Rhys and his brother Gwilym joined Glynd\u0175r, but were excluded from a general pardon issued after the initial rebel attacks of autumn 1400.", "train": 0, "file_id": 1127, "replace_with": "On the outbreak of the revolt, Rhys and his brother Gwilym joined Glynd\u0175r, and were excluded from a general pardon issued after the initial rebel attacks of autumn 1400.", "sen_position": 3}
{"ctx": "Evening Prayer is a liturgy in use in the Anglican Communion (and other churches in the Anglican tradition, such as the Continuing Anglican Movement and the Anglican Use of the Roman Catholic Church) and celebrated in the late afternoon or evening. It is also commonly known as Evensong, especially (but not exclusively) when the office is rendered chorally (that is, when most of the service is sung).  It is roughly the equivalent of Vespers in the Roman Catholic Church and the Lutheran churches, although it was originally formed by combining the monastic offices of Vespers and Compline. Although many churches now take their services from Common Worship or other modern prayer books, if a church has a choir, Choral Evensong from the Book of Common Prayer often remains in use because of the greater musical provision. Evening Prayer, like Morning Prayer (Matins) and in contrast to the Eucharist, may be led by a layperson, and is recited by some devout Anglicans daily in private (clergy in many Anglican jurisdictions are required to do so).", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It is roughly the equivalent of Vespers in the Roman Catholic Church and the Lutheran churches, although it was originally formed by combining the monastic offices of Vespers and Compline.", "train": 0, "file_id": 1739, "replace_with": "It is roughly the equivalent of Vespers in the Roman Catholic Church and the Lutheran churches, therefore it was originally formed by combining the monastic offices of Vespers and Compline.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "The Story of My Heart is an autobiography, first published in 1883, by English nature writer, essayist and journalist Richard Jefferies. It is not a true autobiography, but the story of a soul's awakening. Richard Jefferies describes how, leaving aside all the preconceptions of past and future, he placed himself in the eternal Now, and allowed the Now to become his soul's only guide and source of nourishment. Thus freed from the usual blocks to awareness, Jefferies' senses became windows for his soul, through which the natural world could be seen in its true, dazzling brilliance. Jefferies describes how this vision reflected back into his consciousness an awareness of his soul's eternity, and its immense, unquenchable longing and love for what he called 'soul-life'.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It is not a true autobiography, but the story of a soul's awakening.", "train": 0, "file_id": 8364, "replace_with": "It is not a true autobiography, and the story of a soul's awakening.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Frostbite is a game engine developed by EA Digital Illusions CE (DICE), the creators of the Battlefield series. The engine currently is designed for use on Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, Xbox 360, and Xbox One platforms and is adapted for a range of video game genres. The engine was first used by DICE to create first-person shooters, but it has been expanded to include various other genres such as racing, role playing games and real-time strategy and is employed by a number of EA studios. Thus far, the engine is exclusive to Electronic Arts with all titles being published by EA.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "The engine currently is designed for use on Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, Xbox 360, and Xbox One platforms and is adapted for a range of video game genres.", "train": 0, "file_id": 2340, "replace_with": "The engine currently is designed for use on Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, Xbox 360, and Xbox One platforms but is adapted for a range of video game genres.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Coelodontognathus is an extinct genus of reptile from the Early Triassic of European Russia. It was originally described as a procolophonid parareptile in 1967 but was reclassified as a possible trilophosaurid archosauromorph in 2008. The genus includes two species: C. donensis and C. ricovi. Fossils have been found in the Olenekian-age Donskaya Luka fossil locality near the Don River in Ilovlinsky District, Volgograd Oblast. Vitalia is another Early Triassic reptile from Donskaya Luka that was first identified as a procolophonid and later reclassified as a trilophosaurid. Coelodontognathus and Vitalia are similar to procolophonids in that they have wide teeth but differs from them in that they have tooth roots set deep into the jaws.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It was originally described as a procolophonid parareptile in 1967 but was reclassified as a possible trilophosaurid archosauromorph in 2008.", "train": 0, "file_id": 6147, "replace_with": "It was originally described as a procolophonid parareptile in 1967 and therefore was reclassified as a possible trilophosaurid archosauromorph in 2008.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Faith (P\u0101li: saddh\u0101, \u015braddh\u0101) is an initial acceptance of the Buddha's teaching prior to realising its truth for oneself. It is an important element of all traditions of Buddhism, although the kind and nature of faith changes in the different schools. Other translations of  saddh\u0101/\u015braddh\u0101 include 'confidence' and 'trust'. The faith that a Buddhist aspires to is that in the \"Triple Gem\", or the Buddha, the Dharma(his teaching) and the Sa\u1e41gha (the Community). According to received Pali-Buddhist tradition, some of the first words voiced by the Buddha after resolving to teach Dharma were, \"Wide opened is the door of the Deathless to all who have ears to hear; let them send forth faith [saddh\u0101] to meet it.\"", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It is an important element of all traditions of Buddhism, although the kind and nature of faith changes in the different schools.", "train": 0, "file_id": 7208, "replace_with": "It is an important element of all traditions of Buddhism, therefore the kind and nature of faith changes in the different schools.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Carlos Eduardo L\u00f3pez Avila, better known under his stage name Jerem\u00edas, is a British-Venezuelan singer-songwriter who was born in London, England on 19 September 1973, of Venezuelan parents.  He moved to Venezuela at the age of 2, although he still maintains a British passport.  Encouraged musically from an early age, he began writing songs at age 8, and at age 11 took the name Jerem\u00edas.  He later signed with the record label Universal, in 2000 several Venezuelan record companies were interested in his project and after some failed attempts, he created his own label, Avila Records, and recorded an album that helped him gain notice in the national and international scenes. In October 2002, he sent his album to Spain, and made appearances in important television programs such as: M\u00fasica S\u00ed, Musical 3 and Cr\u00f3nicas Marcianas, among others. During 2003, he appeared live in Madrid, Barcelona, Valencia, Sevilla, Cordova, Bilbao, Zaragoza, Salamanca, Canary Islands, among others, having received a great acclamation from the Spanish public as well as music critics in Spain.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "Encouraged musically from an early age, he began writing songs at age 8, and at age 11 took the name Jerem\u00edas.", "train": 0, "file_id": 8250, "replace_with": "Encouraged musically from an early age, he began writing songs at age 8, but at age 11 took the name Jerem\u00edas.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "Benedetto Bonfigli (c. 1420 \u2013 July 8, 1496) was an Italian Renaissance painter born in Perugia, and part of the Umbria school of painters including Raphael and Perugino. He is also known as Buonfiglio. Influenced by the style of Domenico Veneziano, Benozzo Gozzoli, and Fra Angelico, Bonfigli primarily painted frescos for the church and was at one point employed in the Vatican. His best preserved work is the Annunication, but his masterpiece is the decoration of the chapel of the Palazzo dei Priori. Bonfigli specialized in gonfaloni, a Perugian style using banners painted on canvas or linen. Little is known of his personal life, but he was an esteemed painter in Perugia before Perugino, who is said to be his pupil.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "His best preserved work is the Annunication, but his masterpiece is the decoration of the chapel of the Palazzo dei Priori.", "train": 0, "file_id": 2271, "replace_with": "His best preserved work is the Annunication, and his masterpiece is the decoration of the chapel of the Palazzo dei Priori.", "sen_position": 3}
{"ctx": "Ophioglossidae is a subclass of Equisetopsida in the sense used by Mark W. Chase and James L. Reveal in their 2009 article \"A phylogenetic classification of the land plants to accompany APG III.\" This subclass consists of the ferns commonly known as whisk ferns, grape ferns, adder's-tongues and moonworts. It is equivalent to the class Psilotopsida in previous treatments, including Smith et al., 2006.  Chase and Reveal originally listed the separate subclass, Psilotidae , in their 2009 paper, but Christenhusz et al., 2011, included both the Ophioglossales and Psilotales orders in the Ophioglossidae subclass.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "Chase and Reveal originally listed the separate subclass, Psilotidae , in their 2009 paper, but Christenhusz et al., 2011, included both the Ophioglossales and Psilotales orders in the Ophioglossidae subclass.", "train": 0, "file_id": 6323, "replace_with": "Chase and Reveal originally listed the separate subclass, Psilotidae , in their 2009 paper, and Christenhusz et al., 2011, included both the Ophioglossales and Psilotales orders in the Ophioglossidae subclass.", "sen_position": 3}
{"ctx": "Muscle Museum is the second extended play (EP) by English alternative rock band Muse. Limited to 999 hand-numbered copies, was released on 11 January 1999 by Dangerous Records. Four of the EP's five original songs &ndash; \"Muscle Museum\", \"Sober\", \"Uno\" and \"Unintended\" &ndash; were re-recorded for the band's full-length debut, Showbiz. The song Instant Messenger was rereleased as a B Side to Muscle Museum under the title Pink Ego Box. This version omits the AOL sample but is otherwise the same recording.  Upon Muscle Museums release, the title track entered the NME Indie Single Charts at #3, losing out on the top spot only to Mercury Rev and Fatboy Slim.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "This version omits the AOL sample but is otherwise the same recording.", "train": 0, "file_id": 8285, "replace_with": "This version omits the AOL sample and therefore is otherwise the same recording.", "sen_position": 4}
{"ctx": "The Honolulu Film Awards (HFA) are international film awards granted to independent films in Honolulu, Oahu, Hawaii, United States. In 2011, James Cunningham was named Best Director for his work on Das Tub. This win was one of more than thirty international awards won by students of Media Design School in 2011 alone, and two of the school's short films have won double accolades at the Honolulu Film Awards. Anjan Das' Banshiwala won the Feature Film Gold Kahuna award in 2011. The Hunatics, a film set on Maui, won a Gold Kahuna award in 2011 as well, as did Rideshare, the first feature film to be recorded entirely on iPhones. Strong Bodies Fight, a documentary film about the Bengal Bouts, also won a Honolulu Film Award in 2011. Antonio Padovan's Perry St won the Gold Kahuna award one year. In 2012, eight documentary films were given Aloha Accolade awards.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "This win was one of more than thirty international awards won by students of Media Design School in 2011 alone, and two of the school's short films have won double accolades at the Honolulu Film Awards.", "train": 0, "file_id": 6332, "replace_with": "This win was one of more than thirty international awards won by students of Media Design School in 2011 alone, but two of the school's short films have won double accolades at the Honolulu Film Awards.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "Municipalities (municipios in Spanish) are the second-level administrative division in Mexico. The Mexican state of Aguascalientes is subdivided into 11 municipalities. The internal political organization and their responsibilities are outlined in the 115th article of the 1917 Constitution and further expanded in the constitution of the State of Aguascalientes. The largest municipality by population is Aguascalientes with 797,010 residents, whereas the smallest municipality by population is  San Jos\u00e9 de Gracia with 8,443 residents. The largest municipality by land area is also Aguascalientes with a land area of 1,178.85 km^2, and the smallest is Cos\u00edo with a land area of  128 km^2.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "The largest municipality by land area is also Aguascalientes with a land area of 1,178.85 km^2, and the smallest is Cos\u00edo with a land area of  128 km^2.", "train": 0, "file_id": 3913, "replace_with": "The largest municipality by land area is also Aguascalientes with a land area of 1,178.85 km^2, but the smallest is Cos\u00edo with a land area of  128 km^2.", "sen_position": 4}
{"ctx": "Mechanosensitive (MS) channels provide protection against hypo-osmotic shock, responding both to stretching of the cell membrane and to membrane depolarisation. They are present in the membranes of organisms from the three domains of life: bacteria, archaea, and eukarya. There are two families of MS channels: large-conductance MS channels (MscL) and small-conductance MS channels (MscS or YGGB). The pressure threshold for MscS opening is 50% that of MscL. The MscS family is much larger and more variable in size and sequence than the MscL family. Much of the diversity in MscS proteins occurs in the size of the transmembrane regions, which ranges from three to eleven transmembrane helices, although the three C-terminal helices are conserved. This family contains sequences form the MscS family of proteins.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "Much of the diversity in MscS proteins occurs in the size of the transmembrane regions, which ranges from three to eleven transmembrane helices, although the three C-terminal helices are conserved.", "train": 0, "file_id": 5843, "replace_with": "Much of the diversity in MscS proteins occurs in the size of the transmembrane regions, which ranges from three to eleven transmembrane helices, therefore the three C-terminal helices are conserved.", "sen_position": 5}
{"ctx": "Call the Midwife is a BBC period drama series about a group of nurse midwives working in the East End of London in the 1950s and 1960s. It stars Jessica Raine, Miranda Hart, Helen George, Bryony Hannah, Laura Main, Jenny Agutter, Pam Ferris, Judy Parfitt, Cliff Parisi, Stephen McGann, Ben Caplan, Emerald Fennell, Victoria Yeates, Linda Bassett and Charlotte Ritchie. The series was created by Heidi Thomas, originally based on the memoirs of Jennifer Worth but since expanded to include new, historically sourced material.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "The series was created by Heidi Thomas, originally based on the memoirs of Jennifer Worth but since expanded to include new, historically sourced material.", "train": 0, "file_id": 5772, "replace_with": "The series was created by Heidi Thomas, originally based on the memoirs of Jennifer Worth and therefore since expanded to include new, historically sourced material.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "Benjamin Franklin Dillingham (August 4, 1844 \u2013 April 7, 1918) was a businessman and industrialist during the late Kingdom of Hawaii era, throughout the period of the Republic of Hawaii, and during the first two decades of the Territory of Hawaii. Dillingham was a New Englander, born on Cape Cod in 1844, and he went to sea at the age of 14. After a series of adventures, and rapid advancement, he landed in Honolulu as first mate aboard the bark Whistler in 1864. He was 20. After breaking his leg in the topple from the horse, he was carried to the American Marine Hospital in Nu'uanu to heal. The Whistler sailed without him, and Dillingham was an ex-seafaring man, ashore for good.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "Dillingham was a New Englander, born on Cape Cod in 1844, and he went to sea at the age of 14.", "train": 0, "file_id": 8193, "replace_with": "Dillingham was a New Englander, born on Cape Cod in 1844, but he went to sea at the age of 14.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Sex, Money & Music is the seventh studio album by the Pomona, California rap group Above the Law. A single for \"Sex, Money & Music\"/\"Ghetto Platinum\" was released in 2002.   That same year, the complete album was supposed to be released through Death Row Records. However, it is reported that a deal could not be worked out between the group and the label, therefore the project was shelved indefinitely. On February 27, 2009 the album was released and immediately became available exclusively as a digital download.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "However, it is reported that a deal could not be worked out between the group and the label, therefore the project was shelved indefinitely.", "train": 0, "file_id": 4580, "replace_with": "However, it is reported that a deal could not be worked out between the group and the label, although the project was shelved indefinitely.", "sen_position": 3}
{"ctx": "In unofficial military terminology, an armchair general is a somewhat derogatory term used in the military, politics and the media to describe a member of the military in a high-ranking position whose position is more bureaucratic than functional; and whose position or rank may have been obtained in the absence of combative effort. Such an individual often possesses little combat or warfare experience if any but holds a great degree of authority over soldiers or commanders that do. The term applies to generals or admirals; often a great number of whom never served in combat at all yet have attained high rank and carry out their duties in offices with significant staff, funding and paperwork. However the term need not apply solely to those with the rank of general or admiral and is a popular term often used among enlisted personnel and the media to describe high-ranking officers whose rank affords them superior privileges and especially those whose education or background comes from military academies and prior universities or those with privileged or wealthy families.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "Such an individual often possesses little combat or warfare experience if any but holds a great degree of authority over soldiers or commanders that do.", "train": 0, "file_id": 7213, "replace_with": "Such an individual often possesses little combat or warfare experience if any and therefore holds a great degree of authority over soldiers or commanders that do.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "The Grandmaster's Palace (Il-Palazz tal-Granmastru), officially known as The Palace (Il-Palazz), is a palace in Valletta, Malta. It was built in the 16th century as the palace of the Grand Master of the Order of St. John, who ruled Malta, and was also known as the Magisterial Palace (Palazz Ma\u0121isterjali). It eventually became the Governor's Palace (Palazz tal-Gvernatur), and it currently houses the Office of the President of Malta, and part of it is open to the public as a museum run by Heritage Malta.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It was built in the 16th century as the palace of the Grand Master of the Order of St. John, who ruled Malta, and was also known as the Magisterial Palace (Palazz Ma\u0121isterjali).", "train": 0, "file_id": 933, "replace_with": "It was built in the 16th century as the palace of the Grand Master of the Order of St. John, who ruled Malta, but was also known as the Magisterial Palace (Palazz Ma\u0121isterjali).", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Barrie Phillip Nichol (30 September 1944 Vancouver, British Columbia \u2013 25 September 1988 Toronto, Ontario), who often went by his lower-case initials and last name, with no spaces (bpNichol), was a Canadian poet.  He became widely known for his concrete poetry while living there in the 1960s.  He received his elementary teaching certificate from the University of British Columbia in 1963, but he only worked a brief stint as a teacher.  He had audited creative writing courses while in university, and his life moved in that direction after about a year of teaching.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "He received his elementary teaching certificate from the University of British Columbia in 1963, but he only worked a brief stint as a teacher.", "train": 0, "file_id": 8188, "replace_with": "He received his elementary teaching certificate from the University of British Columbia in 1963, and he only worked a brief stint as a teacher.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "In the United States, a paper railroad is a company in the railroad business which exists \"on paper only\":  as a legal entity which does not own any track, locomotives, or rolling stock.  Frequently, paper railroads were set up as subsidiaries by larger parent railroads, or formerly existed and operated under their old name but were subsumed when one or more smaller railroads merged. Paper railroads were also known as \"non-operating subsidiaries\" of the parent railroad.  In many cases, paper railroads were still known as such even after plans to build them may have been canceled.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "Frequently, paper railroads were set up as subsidiaries by larger parent railroads, or formerly existed and operated under their old name but were subsumed when one or more smaller railroads merged.", "train": 0, "file_id": 3076, "replace_with": "Frequently, paper railroads were set up as subsidiaries by larger parent railroads, or formerly existed and operated under their old name and therefore were subsumed when one or more smaller railroads merged.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Taylor's salamander, Ambystoma taylori, is a neotenic salamander species found only in Laguna Alchichica, a high-altitude crater lake 24 miles southwest of Perote, Puebla, Mexico. It was described in 1982 by Brandon, Maruska, and Rumph, and named for Edward Harrison Taylor. However, the species had been known to science long before then. Taylor himself attempted to describe the species as Ambystoma subsalsum in 1943, but mistakenly used a Mexican or plateau tiger salamander as the holotype. This rendered the name invalid, and made it into a synonym for the tiger salamander. James Anderson extensively catalogued \"A. subsalsum\" in his 1960's field work, applying the name to actual population that now comprises A. taylori.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It was described in 1982 by Brandon, Maruska, and Rumph, and named for Edward Harrison Taylor.", "train": 0, "file_id": 618, "replace_with": "It was described in 1982 by Brandon, Maruska, and Rumph, but named for Edward Harrison Taylor.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "The Brighton Marine Palace and Pier is a pleasure pier in Brighton, England, which opened in 1899. It is 1,760 feet long and contains 85 miles of planking. It is generally known as Palace Pier for short but was renamed Brighton Pier in 2000 by its owners, the Noble Organisation. In July 2016, the owners announced it would be renamed Brighton Palace Pier. The West Pier was its rival but was closed in 1975 and was subsequently severely damaged by fires and storms, with the remaining iron structure being partially demolished in 2010. Historically, the now destroyed Royal Suspension Chain Pier was the first pier structure built in Brighton.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "The West Pier was its rival but was closed in 1975 and was subsequently severely damaged by fires and storms, with the remaining iron structure being partially demolished in 2010.", "train": 0, "file_id": 1876, "replace_with": "The West Pier was its rival and therefore was closed in 1975 but was subsequently severely damaged by fires and storms, with the remaining iron structure being partially demolished in 2010.", "sen_position": 4}
{"ctx": "In broadcasting, over-the-top content (OTT) refers to delivery of audio, video, and other media over the Internet without the involvement of a multiple-system operator in the control or distribution of the content. The Internet provider may be aware of the contents of the Internet Protocol packets but is not responsible for, nor able to control, the viewing abilities, copyrights, and/or other redistribution of the content. This model contrasts with the purchasing or rental of video or audio content from an Internet service provider (ISP), such as pay television video on demand or an IPTV video service, like AT&T U-Verse. OTT in particular refers to content that arrives from a third party \u2013 such as Hulu, Netflix, CHILI.tv, Sling TV, or WhereverTV, and is delivered to an end-user device, leaving the ISP only the role of transporting IP packets.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "The Internet provider may be aware of the contents of the Internet Protocol packets but is not responsible for, nor able to control, the viewing abilities, copyrights, and/or other redistribution of the content.", "train": 0, "file_id": 5554, "replace_with": "The Internet provider may be aware of the contents of the Internet Protocol packets and therefore is not responsible for, nor able to control, the viewing abilities, copyrights, and/or other redistribution of the content.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Jeungpyeon is a variety of tteok (Korean rice cake), made by steaming balls of fermented dough made from rice flour and rice wine such as makkeolli. It is one of the varieties of tteok that is typically served during the summer, because its sweet and sour taste is believed to be refreshing in hot weather, as well as to aid in digestion. While it is not certain that when people began to eat jeungpyeon, but there has been songhwa (\uc0c1\ud654), a similar tteok made by fermentation since the Goryeo period.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "While it is not certain that when people began to eat jeungpyeon, but there has been songhwa (\uc0c1\ud654), a similar tteok made by fermentation since the Goryeo period.", "train": 0, "file_id": 3940, "replace_with": "While it is not certain that when people began to eat jeungpyeon, and there has been songhwa (\uc0c1\ud654), a similar tteok made by fermentation since the Goryeo period.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "There is a small community of people of Indian origin living in Uganda, but it is far less than in previous times. In the late 19th century, mostly Sikhs, were brought on three-year contracts, with the aid of Imperial British contractor Alibhai Mulla Jeevanjee to build the Uganda Railway from Mombasa to Kisumu by 1901, and to Kampala by 1931. Some died, while others returned to India after the end of their contracts, but few chose to stay. They were joined by Gujarati traders called \"passenger Indians\", both Hindu and Muslim free migrants who came to serve the economic needs of the indentured labourers, and to capitalise on the economic opportunities.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "Some died, while others returned to India after the end of their contracts, but few chose to stay.", "train": 0, "file_id": 5022, "replace_with": "Some died, while others returned to India after the end of their contracts, and few chose to stay.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "Shinedown is an American hard rock band from Jacksonville, Florida, formed in 2001 and founded by members Brent Smith (vocals), Brad Stewart (bass), Jasin Todd (guitar), and Barry Kerch (drums). A few lineup changes followed, and the band's current lineup consists of Smith and Kerch, the band's only two remaining original members, with guitarist Zach Myers, and bassist Eric Bass. Since Shinedown's inception, the group has released five albums: Leave a Whisper (2003), Us and Them (2005), The Sound of Madness (2008), Amaryllis (2012), and Threat to Survival (2015). Shinedown has sold more than ten million albums worldwide.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "A few lineup changes followed, and the band's current lineup consists of Smith and Kerch, the band's only two remaining original members, with guitarist Zach Myers, and bassist Eric Bass.", "train": 0, "file_id": 1134, "replace_with": "A few lineup changes followed, but the band's current lineup consists of Smith and Kerch, the band's only two remaining original members, with guitarist Zach Myers, and bassist Eric Bass.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Quintus Sulpicius Camerinus Peticus was a Roman statesman who served as Consul in 46 and as Proconsul of Africa from 56 to 57. He was a member of the gens, Sulpicia, a member of the Arval Brethren who served as president of the Board of Sacrifice in 60. He was charged with extortion but was acquitted by Roman emperor Nero. In 67, he was killed with his son also named, Quintus Sulpicius Camerinus Pythicus by Helius during the absence of Nero. He had a daughter called Sulpicia Praetextata who married the consul of 64, Marcus Licinius Crassus Frugi II.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "He was charged with extortion but was acquitted by Roman emperor Nero.", "train": 0, "file_id": 6438, "replace_with": "He was charged with extortion and therefore was acquitted by Roman emperor Nero.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "Conner Avenue Assembly is a Chrysler automobile factory in Detroit, Michigan.  The factory was originally operated by Champion Spark Plugs, opened in 1966 and was purchased by Chrysler in 1995 for the Dodge Viper and Plymouth Prowler.  Viper production moved from New Mack Assembly in October 1995 and Prowler production started in May 1997.  The Viper's V10 engine was originally built at Mound Road Engine but moved to Conner Avenue in May 2001. The facility had been out of use since 2010, when Viper production temporarily ceased, however the plant resumed operations in late 2012 to build the Viper.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "The Viper's V10 engine was originally built at Mound Road Engine but moved to Conner Avenue in May 2001.", "train": 0, "file_id": 2946, "replace_with": "The Viper's V10 engine was originally built at Mound Road Engine and therefore moved to Conner Avenue in May 2001.", "sen_position": 3}
{"ctx": "The Ferrari Mondial is an automobile that was produced by Ferrari from 1980 through 1993. It replaced the 208/308 GT4. The \"Mondial\" name came from Ferrari's history &mdash; the 500 Mondial race car of the early 1950s. Despite its predecessor being Bertone styled, the Mondial saw Ferrari return to Pininfarina for styling. Sold as a mid-sized coupe and, eventually a cabriolet. Conceived as a 'usable' model, offering the practicality of four seats and the performance of a Ferrari. The car had a slightly higher roofline than its stablemates, with a single long door either side, offering easy access and good interior space, reasonable rear legroom while all-round visibility was excellent. The cabriolets also hold the distinction of being the only production automobile in history that has four seats, is rear mid-engined, and is a full convertible.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "The cabriolets also hold the distinction of being the only production automobile in history that has four seats, is rear mid-engined, and is a full convertible.", "train": 0, "file_id": 5670, "replace_with": "The cabriolets also hold the distinction of being the only production automobile in history that has four seats, is rear mid-engined, but is a full convertible.", "sen_position": 7}
{"ctx": "WOLX-FM (94.9 FM) is an American radio station licensed to Baraboo, Wisconsin, that serves the Madison, Wisconsin, area.  The station is owned and operated by Entercom Communications, and airs a classic hits format, concentrating on music from the 1960s, 1970s, and 1980s.  WOLX broadcasts from a transmitter in Devil's Lake State Park near Baraboo in Sauk County, Wisconsin; its signal can reach 33 of Wisconsin's 72 counties, reaching as far away as Tomah, Wisconsin, Rockford, Illinois, and West Suburban Milwaukee, Wisconsin. WOLX-FM is a Grandfathered \"Superpower\" Class B, FM station; under U.S. Federal Communications Commission rules, a Class B FM station using an antenna height of 396 meters would be allowed a maximum power of 6,700 watts.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "The station is owned and operated by Entercom Communications, and airs a classic hits format, concentrating on music from the 1960s, 1970s, and 1980s.", "train": 0, "file_id": 3112, "replace_with": "The station is owned but operated by Entercom Communications, but airs a classic hits format, concentrating on music from the 1960s, 1970s, and 1980s.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Connacht Senior Cup is a recently revived knockout competition that features junior teams and League of Ireland representatives from the province of Connacht. Originally however it was set up as the main knockout competition related to the Connacht Senior League that ran between 1981 and 2000, consisting of Champions from the 4 junior leagues (Galway & District League, Sligo-Leitrim league, Mayo League and Roscommon & district league)as well as the intermediate sides who took part in the senior league. Junior sides did well and took part in the first ten finals, winning four, after that there were two more junior winners but all-senior finals became more common. The competition ended when the Senior league ended in 2000, however in 2007 a second Connacht Senior Cup was developed. This featured the top 2 teams from all the junior leagues and sides sent by Connachts league of Ireland representatives.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "Junior sides did well and took part in the first ten finals, winning four, after that there were two more junior winners but all-senior finals became more common.", "train": 0, "file_id": 5468, "replace_with": "Junior sides did well and took part in the first ten finals, winning four, after that there were two more junior winners and therefore all-senior finals became more common.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "The Arlington Coal & Lumber Company building is a historic commercial and civic building at 41 Park Avenue in Arlington, Massachusetts.  The distinctive Gothic Revival wood frame structure was built c. 1875, and has seen a variety of uses.  Its upper floor was used as a meeting space, and was where political meetings, religious services, and social events took place, along with civic activities such as theater productions, dance classes, and fraternal society meetings.  The first floor has predominantly been used for commercial purposes, although the building did for a time house a branch of the local public library.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "The first floor has predominantly been used for commercial purposes, although the building did for a time house a branch of the local public library.", "train": 0, "file_id": 518, "replace_with": "The first floor has predominantly been used for commercial purposes, therefore the building did for a time house a branch of the local public library.", "sen_position": 3}
{"ctx": "Human physical appearance is the outward phenotype or look of human beings. There are infinite variations in human phenotypes, though society reduces the variability to distinct categories. Physical appearance of humans, in particular those attributes which are regarded as important for physical attractiveness, are believed by anthropologists to significantly affect the development of personality and social relations. Humans are acutely sensitive to their physical appearance, some theorize for reasons of evolution. Some differences in human appearance are genetic, others are the result of age, lifestyle or disease, and many are the result of personal adornment.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "Some differences in human appearance are genetic, others are the result of age, lifestyle or disease, and many are the result of personal adornment.", "train": 0, "file_id": 1131, "replace_with": "Some differences in human appearance are genetic, others are the result of age, lifestyle or disease, but many are the result of personal adornment.", "sen_position": 4}
{"ctx": "A face-off is the method used to begin play in ice hockey and some other sports. The two teams line up in opposition to each other, and the opposing skaters attempt to gain control of the puck after it is dropped between their sticks by an official.  Face-offs are generally handled by  centres, although some wingers handle face-offs and very rarely, some defensemen as well. One of the referees drops the puck at centre ice to start each period and following the scoring of a goal. The linesmen are responsible for all other face-offs.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "The two teams line up in opposition to each other, and the opposing skaters attempt to gain control of the puck after it is dropped between their sticks by an official.", "train": 0, "file_id": 456, "replace_with": "The two teams line up in opposition to each other, but the opposing skaters attempt to gain control of the puck after it is dropped between their sticks by an official.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Lake Arpi (\u0531\u0580\u0583\u056b \u056c\u056b\u0573) is located in the Shirak Province of Armenia, in the northwestern part of the country.  The lake level is  at an altitude of 2,023 m. The lake area is 22 square kilometres. The area was increased artificially in the 1950s from the natural state of 4.5 square kilometres, and the lake has become the second most important water body of Armenia, next to Lake Sevan. It is used for irrigation and hydropower production. The lake is fed by meltwater and four streams, and it is the source of the Akhurian River.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "The lake is fed by meltwater and four streams, and it is the source of the Akhurian River.", "train": 0, "file_id": 8231, "replace_with": "The lake is fed by meltwater and four streams, but it is the source of the Akhurian River.", "sen_position": 4}
{"ctx": "Inna (styled as INNA) and Body and the Sun are two versions of the fourth studio album recorded by Romanian singer INNA. Body And The Sun was released in Japan on July 31, 2015 whilst INNA was released worldwide on October 30, 2015. INNA includes songs that were previously released as singles for announced, but never released album projects. They were called Summer Days (an extended play) and LatINNA. Songs intended for their track lists have been brought together on INNA. The previously released singles \"Cola Song\" and \"Good Time\" were only available on Body And The Sun and the U.S. edition of INNA's third studio album Party Never Ends.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "INNA includes songs that were previously released as singles for announced, but never released album projects.", "train": 0, "file_id": 1760, "replace_with": "INNA includes songs that were previously released as singles for announced, and never released album projects.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "The Crann-nan-gad was a kind of plough. It is not used now, but was at one time common enough in the Western Isles. The parish of Barvas in the Isle of Lewis was the only place it was being used in the early 20th century. It was usually drawn by one horse, although two could be used. From its construction it was especially suited to the stony ground of the crofts, and its gradual disappearance is a cause of great regret, as there is no other implement, equally convenient to take its place. It possessed a great advantage over the common iron plough, in that, as the point runs over the ground behind the horse, it serves the two-fold purpose of keeping the plough steady, and when the share comes in contact with a stone, by lifting the handle or l\u00e0mh-chrann upwards like a lever, the share and sock can be lifted clear of the obstruction. The ploughman uses only one hand, and walks on the left hand side of the implement, instead of behind, as is usual in ploughing.", "replace_with": "It is not used now, and was at one time common enough in the Western Isles.", "to_be_replaced": "It is not used now, but was at one time common enough in the Western Isles.", "train": 0, "file_id": 117, "label": 0, "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Sluice Point is a community in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia, located in the Municipalite Argyle Municipality in Yarmouth County .They decided to build a school. (At first) they only built the primary department in 1870. There was opposition (to) both the school and the Indian Sluice Point Bridge (to Surette's Island). Education was not well-understood then, and one man, Jacques Babin, stubbornly affirmed that no bridge or school would be built while he was alive. In (the primary department) there were about twenty-five seats. It was big enough at that time but the population increased so they built the advanced department in 1902.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It was big enough at that time but the population increased so they built the advanced department in 1902.", "train": 0, "file_id": 4919, "replace_with": "It was big enough at that time and therefore the population increased so they built the advanced department in 1902.", "sen_position": 5}
{"ctx": "Blowback is the fifth album by Tricky, released in 2001. Like Nearly God, Blowback contains several collaborations, but the album's sound is much brighter and more relaxed by comparison. Tricky himself said that he wanted to get airplay with this album, while most of his earlier albums were made to stay off the radio. Guest performers on Blowback include Flea, Anthony Kiedis, Josh Klinghoffer, and John Frusciante from Red Hot Chili Peppers, Cyndi Lauper, Alanis Morissette, Ed Kowalczyk and less known artists such as Hawkman, Stephanie McKay and Ambersunshower, with whom he already worked in 1996 for the charity compilation Childline.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "Like Nearly God, Blowback contains several collaborations, but the album's sound is much brighter and more relaxed by comparison.", "train": 0, "file_id": 7809, "replace_with": "Like Nearly God, Blowback contains several collaborations, and the album's sound is much brighter and more relaxed by comparison.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "The American School Foundation of Guadalajara (ASFG) is a school of 1426 students in pre-school through twelfth grade. It is the only US accredited school in Guadalajara.  The school was founded in 1908, and has been a non-profit organization since 1956.  ASFG offers accredited US and Mexican diploma programs, and graduates go on to attend prestigious universities in the United States, Mexico, and around the world.  Bilingual instruction carried out by native English and native Spanish-speaking faculty, recruited both locally and internationally.  David McGrath serves as Director General of ASFG.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "The school was founded in 1908, and has been a non-profit organization since 1956.", "train": 0, "file_id": 7378, "replace_with": "The school was founded in 1908, but has been a non-profit organization since 1956.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "The Garuda Purana is one of the eighteen Puranas which are part of the Hindu body of texts known as smriti. It is a Vaishnava purana; the epic is in the form of a conversation between Lord Vishnu and Garuda (King of Birds), primarily emphasizing the reason and meaning of human life. It contains details of life after death, funeral rites and the metaphysics of reincarnation, and therefore is recited as a part Antyesti (Antim Sanskar) or funeral rites (funeral liturgy) in Hinduism. The Padma Purana categorizes the Garuda Purana as a Sattva Purana (a purana which represents goodness and purity). The epic purana, which is considered to have been  edited into its current form by Veda Vy\u0101sa, speaks of different incarnations of Lord Vishnu, geographical description, origin of the universe, creation, procreation, genealogy of the gods and the journey of a soul after death. The Garuda Purana also talks about the origin and propagation of Garuda himself and describes different kinds of austerities, methods of worship, atonement for sin and divine & sacred mantras.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It contains details of life after death, funeral rites and the metaphysics of reincarnation, and therefore is recited as a part Antyesti (Antim Sanskar) or funeral rites (funeral liturgy) in Hinduism.", "train": 0, "file_id": 5544, "replace_with": "It contains details of life after death, funeral rites and the metaphysics of reincarnation, but is recited as a part Antyesti (Antim Sanskar) or funeral rites (funeral liturgy) in Hinduism.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "Severe Tropical Storm Linfa, known in the Philippines as Severe Tropical Storm Egay, was a tropical cyclone which affected the northern Philippines, Taiwan and southern China in early July 2015. The tenth named storm of the annual typhoon season, Linfa was first discovered as a weak tropical disturbance over in the Philippine Sea, embedded in an active Intertropical Convergence Zone on June 30. The disturbance gradually intensified, and was upgraded to a tropical depression by the JMA and PAGASA on July 1. The JTWC followed suit the next day, whilst the JMA upgraded the depression to Tropical Storm Linfa.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "The disturbance gradually intensified, and was upgraded to a tropical depression by the JMA and PAGASA on July 1.", "train": 0, "file_id": 1728, "replace_with": "The disturbance gradually intensified, but was upgraded to a tropical depression by the JMA and PAGASA on July 1.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "Chyle (; from the Greek word \u03c7\u03c5\u03bb\u03cc\u03c2 chylos, \"juice\") is a milky bodily fluid consisting of lymph and emulsified fats, or free fatty acids (FFAs). It is formed in the small intestine during digestion of fatty foods, and taken up by lymph vessels specifically known as lacteals. The relative low pressure of the lacteals allows large fatty acid molecules to diffuse into them, whereas the higher pressure in veins allows only smaller products of digestion, like amino acids and sugars, to diffuse into the blood directly.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It is formed in the small intestine during digestion of fatty foods, and taken up by lymph vessels specifically known as lacteals.", "train": 0, "file_id": 8088, "replace_with": "It is formed in the small intestine during digestion of fatty foods, but taken up by lymph vessels specifically known as lacteals.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Sapphire Ventures is a Silicon Valley-based venture capital company that primarily invests in growth-stage enterprise technology companies globally. Originally started in 1996 as the venture capital arm of SAP SE, it was known as SAP Ventures. It split from its parent in 2011 and was rebranded to Sapphire Ventures in 2014. SAP SE is now a limited partner in the company, and their ties are used in investing in companies working in the Enterprise Software ecosystem. As of April 2015, the company manages more than US$1.4B in investments, and are active in the United States, Europe, Israel and India.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "SAP SE is now a limited partner in the company, and their ties are used in investing in companies working in the Enterprise Software ecosystem.", "train": 0, "file_id": 7104, "replace_with": "SAP SE is now a limited partner in the company, but their ties are used in investing in companies working in the Enterprise Software ecosystem.", "sen_position": 3}
{"ctx": "Divergent evolution is the accumulation of differences between groups which can lead to the formation of new species, usually a result of diffusion of the same species to different and isolated environments which blocks the gene flow among the distinct populations allowing differentiated fixation of characteristics through genetic drift and natural selection. Primarily diffusion, the basis of molecular division, can be seen in some higher-level characters of structure and function that are readily observable in organisms. For example, the vertebrate limb is one example of divergent evolution. The limb in many different species has a common origin, but has diverged somewhat in overall structure and function.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "The limb in many different species has a common origin, but has diverged somewhat in overall structure and function.", "train": 0, "file_id": 4190, "replace_with": "The limb in many different species has a common origin, and has diverged somewhat in overall structure and function.", "sen_position": 3}
{"ctx": "The Nedbank Golf Challenge, previously known as the Million Dollar Challenge, is an annual men's professional golf tournament played at the Gary Player Country Club in Sun City, North West province, South Africa. Originally it was not an official money event for any of the major tours, but it became an official tournament for the Sunshine Tour and European Tour in 2013. Like many high profile unofficial tournaments in professional golf, it takes place between the conclusion of the PGA Tour in early November, and Christmas. It usually attracts many of the world's highest ranked players.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "Originally it was not an official money event for any of the major tours, but it became an official tournament for the Sunshine Tour and European Tour in 2013.", "train": 0, "file_id": 3194, "replace_with": "Originally it was not an official money event for any of the major tours, and it became an official tournament for the Sunshine Tour and European Tour in 2013.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "On September 13, 1974, three members of the Japanese Red Army stormed the French Embassy in The Hague, allegedly on Fusaku Shigenobu's orders. The ambassador and ten other people were taken hostage and a Dutch policewoman, Hanke Remmerswaal, was shot in the back, puncturing a lung. After lengthy negotiatons, the hostages were freed in exchange for the release of a jailed Red Army member (Yatsuka Furuya), $300,000 and the use of a plane. The plane flew the hostage-takers first to Aden, South Yemen, where they were not accepted and then to Syria. Syria did not consider hostage taking for money revolutionary, and forced them to give up their ransom.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "Syria did not consider hostage taking for money revolutionary, and forced them to give up their ransom.", "train": 0, "file_id": 5668, "replace_with": "Syria did not consider hostage taking for money revolutionary, but forced them to give up their ransom.", "sen_position": 4}
{"ctx": "Effective altruism is a philosophy and social movement that applies evidence and reason to determine the most effective ways to improve the world. Effective altruists aim to consider all causes and actions, and then act in the way that brings about the greatest positive impact. It is this broad, scientific approach that distinguishes effective altruism from traditional altruism or charity. While a substantial proportion of effective altruists have focused on the nonprofit sector, the philosophy of effective altruism applies much more broadly, e.g., to prioritizing the scientific projects, companies, and policy initiatives which can be estimated to save and improve the most lives. Notable people associated with the movement include philosopher Peter Singer, Facebook cofounder Dustin Moskovitz, Oxford based philosopher William MacAskill and researcher Toby Ord. The movement is made up of many chapters and organizations around the world.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "Effective altruists aim to consider all causes and actions, and then act in the way that brings about the greatest positive impact.", "train": 0, "file_id": 1407, "replace_with": "Effective altruists aim to consider all causes and actions, but then act in the way that brings about the greatest positive impact.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "The 1914 Sewanee Tigers football team represented the Sewanee Tigers of Sewanee: The University of the South during the 1914 Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association football season. An account of the Tennessee game reads \"Lindsay, as usual, ploughed through the opposing line for consistent gains, and when it was absolutely necessary that Tennessee gain a certain number of yards 'Russ' was sure to be called upon...Mush Kerr played a wonderful game in the line as did Capt. Kelly. The work of the Tennessee line was easily the feature of the contest, and Sewanee early discovered that it was practically useless to rely on line plunges to gain ground.\"", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "The work of the Tennessee line was easily the feature of the contest, and Sewanee early discovered that it was practically useless to rely on line plunges to gain ground.\"", "train": 0, "file_id": 1749, "replace_with": "The work of the Tennessee line was easily the feature of the contest, but Sewanee early discovered that it was practically useless to rely on line plunges to gain ground.\"", "sen_position": 3}
{"ctx": "Andy Stott is a Manchester-based producer of dub and techno music who has released four albums with the Modern Love label. His debut album was Merciless in 2006, and was followed by Unknown Exception (2008) and Luxury Problems in 2012. In November 2014, Stott released \"Faith in Strangers\" and also incorporated vocals from his former piano teacher, Alison Skidmore.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "His debut album was Merciless in 2006, and was followed by Unknown Exception (2008) and Luxury Problems in 2012.", "train": 0, "file_id": 6014, "replace_with": "His debut album was Merciless in 2006, but was followed by Unknown Exception (2008) and Luxury Problems in 2012.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Edward Victor Cupero (February 16, 1877 \u2013 September 10, 1939) was an Italian American composer, arranger, and cornetist best known for his screamer Honey Boys on Parade which he composed for the traveling band of George \"Honey Boy\" Evans. Born in Italy as Bonaventura Cupero on February 16, 1877, he immigrated to the United States with his father in 1891 and later changed his name to Edward Victor Cupero. He returned to Italy to study at the Royal Conservatory in Naples. He directed several minstrel shows in the United States, organized two bands in Baltimore, and later led a theater orchestra. He died in Baltimore on September 10, 1939 and was buried in Western Cemetery.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "He directed several minstrel shows in the United States, organized two bands in Baltimore, and later led a theater orchestra.", "train": 0, "file_id": 6251, "replace_with": "He directed several minstrel shows in the United States, organized two bands in Baltimore, but later led a theater orchestra.", "sen_position": 3}
{"ctx": "2513 Baetsl\u00e9, provisional designation 1950 SH, is a stony asteroid from the inner regions of the  asteroid belt, about 17 kilometers in diameter. It was discovered by  Belgian astronomer Sylvain Arend at the Royal Observatory in Uccle, Belgium on 19 September 1950. The asteroid orbits the Sun at a distance of 1.9\u20132.7 AU once every three and a half years, and takes about 6 hours for a full a rotation around its axis. Its orbit is almost coplanar \u2013 tilted by 3 degrees to the plane of the ecliptic \u2013 and shows a notable eccentricity of 0.18.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "The asteroid orbits the Sun at a distance of 1.9\u20132.7 AU once every three and a half years, and takes about 6 hours for a full a rotation around its axis.", "train": 0, "file_id": 420, "replace_with": "The asteroid orbits the Sun at a distance of 1.9\u20132.7 AU once every three and a half years, but takes about 6 hours for a full a rotation around its axis.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "Anni Milja Maaria Sinnem\u00e4ki (born 20 July 1973) is a Finnish politician and a member of the Finnish Parliament between 1999 and 2015, representing the Green League. She was first elected to the parliament in 1999 and acted as the Minister for Labour from 2009 to 2011. She was elected chairwoman of the Green League on May 16th, 2009 and sought a second term in 2011, but lost to Ville Niinist\u00f6 in a party election. She has been a member of the city council of Helsinki since 2004. She is also known for her poetry.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "She was elected chairwoman of the Green League on May 16th, 2009 and sought a second term in 2011, but lost to Ville Niinist\u00f6 in a party election.", "train": 0, "file_id": 1947, "replace_with": "She was elected chairwoman of the Green League on May 16th, 2009 but sought a second term in 2011, and lost to Ville Niinist\u00f6 in a party election.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "The Atlas Carver (sometimes referred to as \"CAVA\") was a project launched in the 1980s by the South African Atlas Aircraft Corporation to replace the aging Canberra, Buccaneer, and Mirage III in the South African Air Force. The Atlas Cheetah was a total upgrade of the Mirage III, but it was only an interim solution until the late 90s when the Carver would have entered into service. The project was necessated by the arms embargo imposed by United Nations Security Council Resolution 418 against Apartheid South Africa of the time.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "The Atlas Cheetah was a total upgrade of the Mirage III, but it was only an interim solution until the late 90s when the Carver would have entered into service.", "train": 0, "file_id": 359, "replace_with": "The Atlas Cheetah was a total upgrade of the Mirage III, and it was only an interim solution until the late 90s when the Carver would have entered into service.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Single track or singletrack is a narrow mountain biking trail that is approximately the width of the bike. It contrasts with double track or fire road which is wide enough for four-wheeled off-road vehicles. In addition it is frequently smooth and flowing, but it may also exhibit technical rocky sections and may be criss-crossed with tree roots. Some trails are winding and flowing, while others are bumpy and challenging. Many trails offer features such as roots, logs and rocks.  Single track paths can be ridden using a mountain bike, BMX bike or race bike. ", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "In addition it is frequently smooth and flowing, but it may also exhibit technical rocky sections and may be criss-crossed with tree roots.", "train": 0, "file_id": 8290, "replace_with": "In addition it is frequently smooth and flowing, and it may also exhibit technical rocky sections but may be criss-crossed with tree roots.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "Ta' Xindi Farmhouse, also known as the Ta' Xindi Headquarters and Kappara Outpost, is a medieval building in San Gwann, Malta. It was originally designed to be a farmhouse but went through different adaptive reuse. The building served as a farmhouse for a long stretch of centuries in a suburb of Kappara until the lasting years of the Order of St. John. During the French occupation of Malta the building became the headquarters of the rise of the Maltese against the French known as the Gharghar rise lead by the building's owner Vincenzo Borg.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It was originally designed to be a farmhouse but went through different adaptive reuse.", "train": 0, "file_id": 1827, "replace_with": "It was originally designed to be a farmhouse and therefore went through different adaptive reuse.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "A flanger clears the space between the rails, generally of ice and snow. This is important because if allowed to build up, it could seriously impede the motion of the train or even derail it. The flanger blade is lowered below the head of the rail, and so must be raised when the flanger comes to a switch or grade crossing. In regions were flangers are often used signs are posted alongside the tracks to alert the operators of this necessity. There are 2 different blades that go up and down (one that throws snow/ice to the right and one to the left).", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "The flanger blade is lowered below the head of the rail, and so must be raised when the flanger comes to a switch or grade crossing.", "train": 0, "file_id": 4760, "replace_with": "The flanger blade is lowered below the head of the rail, but so must be raised when the flanger comes to a switch or grade crossing.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "Kenneth Eugene Holloway (August 8, 1897 \u2013 September 25, 1968) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for three different teams between  and . Listed at , 185 lb., Holloway batted and threw right-handed. He was born in Barwick, Georgia. It has been erroneously reported that he was born \"Halloway\" or \u201cHollaway\u201d and changed his name to Holloway. This is not true, he was born Kenneth Elijah Holloway and changed his middle name to Eugene, and family members have carried that name for four generations.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "This is not true, he was born Kenneth Elijah Holloway and changed his middle name to Eugene, and family members have carried that name for four generations.", "train": 0, "file_id": 435, "replace_with": "This is not true, he was born Kenneth Elijah Holloway but changed his middle name to Eugene, but family members have carried that name for four generations.", "sen_position": 4}
