{"ctx": "Estramustine (INN, USAN, BAN) (brand names Emcyt, Estracit), in salt form as estramustine phosphate sodium (USAN) (or estramustine sodium phosphate (BAN)) or estramustine phosphate meglumine, is an alkylating antineoplastic agent (that is, a chemotherapeutic) that is used in the treatment of prostate cancer throughout the world. It is a derivative of estradiol, an estrogen, with a nitrogen mustard-carbamate ester moiety attached. The drug has been withdrawn from a number of markets, including Australia, Brazil, Ireland, and Norway.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It is a derivative of estradiol, an estrogen, with a nitrogen mustard-carbamate ester moiety attached.", "train": 0, "file_id": 2202, "replace_with": "She is a derivative of estradiol, an estrogen, with a nitrogen mustard-carbamate ester moiety attached.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "The Greeley House is a historic First Period house on New Hampshire Route 108, east of the center of East Kingston, New Hampshire.  It is located prominently on a bend in the road, just a few feet from the roadway.  The 2-1/2 story wood frame house was probably built in 1718, with the rear shed addition added later in the 18th century.  Further additions including a gable dormer atop the rear section, and a 1960s-era shed-roof addition on the east side.  The house is five bays wide (with only three windows on the second floor main facade) and has a large central chimney typical of the period.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It is located prominently on a bend in the road, just a few feet from the roadway.", "train": 0, "file_id": 1538, "replace_with": "She is located prominently on a bend in the road, just a few feet from the roadway.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "The College of Business and Social Studies, also known as COBASS, is a college in Biratnagar Morang, Nepal. It is often known to be the first management +2 college of Biratnagar. To fulfill the needs and desire of the many students and parents who were tired of sending their children to study outside Biratnagar city COBASS was established by a group of experienced professors of T.U. It received good response in those days and was encouraged to walk in the path of success. Today this college has become the one of the top 10 colleges of Nepal. Some faculties include science, management and Internet studies or .com science.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It received good response in those days and was encouraged to walk in the path of success.", "train": 0, "file_id": 7298, "replace_with": "She received good response in those days and was encouraged to walk in the path of success.", "sen_position": 3}
{"ctx": "Ta' Xindi Farmhouse, also known as the Ta' Xindi Headquarters and Kappara Outpost, is a medieval building in San Gwann, Malta. It was originally designed to be a farmhouse but went through different adaptive reuse. The building served as a farmhouse for a long stretch of centuries in a suburb of Kappara until the lasting years of the Order of St. John. During the French occupation of Malta the building became the headquarters of the rise of the Maltese against the French known as the Gharghar rise lead by the building's owner Vincenzo Borg.", "replace_with": "She was originally designed to be a farmhouse but went through different adaptive reuse.", "to_be_replaced": "It was originally designed to be a farmhouse but went through different adaptive reuse.", "train": 0, "file_id": 1827, "label": 0, "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": ", is a Japanese light novel series written by Yuu Miyazaki and illustrated by Okiura. Media Factory has published 8 volumes since September 2012 under their MF Bunko J imprint. A manga adaptation with art by Ningen began serialization in Media Factory's seinen manga magazine Monthly Comic Alive from January 2013. It has been collected in two tank\u014dbon volumes. An anime television series adaptation by A-1 Pictures began airing on October 3, 2015. The first half of the anime television series adaptation airs from October to December 2015 and has been licensed by Aniplex of America in North America. The second half will begin airing in April 2016.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It has been collected in two tank\u014dbon volumes.", "train": 0, "file_id": 1675, "replace_with": "She has been collected in two tank\u014dbon volumes.", "sen_position": 3}
{"ctx": "Gadai is a town and union council of Dera Ghazi Khan District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.It is situated on the national  highway N 70 which is a gateway between Punjab and Balochistan. People of different clans lived there. Major clans are leghari, bughlani, machi, sanghi, khosa, kumhaar, poli,charhoye, hotani,jarh  and muhajir  also lived there.famous muhallas and colonies are muhalla bughlani,muhammadia colony,muhalla muhajran.there is one boys high school and one girls high school.there are numerous shops on  main road. It is located at 30\u00b01'0N 70\u00b037'0E and has an altitude of 114 metres (377 feet).", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It is located at 30\u00b01'0N 70\u00b037'0E and has an altitude of 114 metres (377 feet).", "train": 0, "file_id": 3783, "replace_with": "She is located at 30\u00b01'0N 70\u00b037'0E and has an altitude of 114 metres (377 feet).", "sen_position": 3}
{"ctx": "The Joseph Hardy House is a historic late First Period house at 69 King Street in Groveland, Massachusetts.  According to local history, the 2.5 story center chimney wood frame house was built about 1720 by Joseph Hardy, which is supported by analysis of the construction techniques used.  It is an relatively infrequent instance of plank frame construction which is not usually found in the region.  One half of the leanto section, giving the house a saltbox appearance, was added sometime later in the 18th century; the other was added early in the 20th century.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It is an relatively infrequent instance of plank frame construction which is not usually found in the region.", "train": 0, "file_id": 566, "replace_with": "She is an relatively infrequent instance of plank frame construction which is not usually found in the region.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "Christian libertarianism describes the synthesis of Christian beliefs concerning free will, human nature, and God-given inalienable rights with libertarian political philosophy. It is also an ideology to the extent its supporters promote their cause to others and join together as a movement. In contrast to the Christian left and the Christian right respectively, they believe that charity and enforcement of personal-level morality should be the purview of the (voluntary) church and not the state. These responsibilities must not be abrogated, though any non-governmental organization (NGO) not publicly financed is free to pursue them as well.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It is also an ideology to the extent its supporters promote their cause to others and join together as a movement.", "train": 0, "file_id": 2792, "replace_with": "She is also an ideology to the extent her supporters promote their cause to others and join together as a movement.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Ouma Rusks (Ouma Beskuit - literally \"Grandmother's Rusks\") is a South African brand of rusk made from a traditional South African recipe for beskuit. It was developed in 1939 as \"Outspan Rusks\" in the Eastern Cape town of Molteno, but changed its name to Ouma soon after. In 1940 the newly created governmental Industrial development Corporation (South Africa) gave its first start-up loan to Ouma Rusks. Ouma became part of Fedfood in the 1970s, and since 1992 has been owned by Foodcorp (South Africa).", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It was developed in 1939 as \"Outspan Rusks\" in the Eastern Cape town of Molteno, but changed its name to Ouma soon after.", "train": 0, "file_id": 2763, "replace_with": "She was developed in 1939 as \"Outspan Rusks\" in the Eastern Cape town of Molteno, but changed her name to Ouma soon after.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Spirit Mountain is a ski area in Duluth, Minnesota.  The ski area was founded by The City of Duluth and was built in 1974. Supporters of Spirit Mountain were Mayor Ben Boo, Former Olympian George Hovland and Manley Goldfine. The city was currently led by Mayor Ben Boo during its creation and brought increased winter revenues to the city which were relatively nonexistent previously. The construction of Interstate 35 stretching to Duluth was a major contributor of the initial success of the ski area. With a vertical elevation of approximately , it is the second tallest ski hill in Minnesota.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "With a vertical elevation of approximately , it is the second tallest ski hill in Minnesota.", "train": 0, "file_id": 8229, "replace_with": "With a vertical elevation of approximately , she is the second tallest ski hill in Minnesota.", "sen_position": 5}
{"ctx": "Nomegestrol acetate (INN; Lutenyl), or 19-normegestrol acetate, is a steroidal progestin with additional antigonadotropic effects which was introduced in 1986 and is used as a hormonal contraceptive. Unlike many other steroidal progestogens, it is selective for the progesterone receptor, lacking any significant affinity for other steroid receptors such as the androgen, estrogen, glucocorticoid, and mineralocorticoid receptors. As a result, it does not possess any androgenic, estrogenic, glucocorticoid, or mineralocorticoid effects. However, at sufficiently high doses it does have potent antiestrogenic and antiandrogenic effects due to its progesterone receptor-mediated antigonadotropic properties.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "Unlike many other steroidal progestogens, it is selective for the progesterone receptor, lacking any significant affinity for other steroid receptors such as the androgen, estrogen, glucocorticoid, and mineralocorticoid receptors.", "train": 0, "file_id": 5976, "replace_with": "Unlike many other steroidal progestogens, she is selective for the progesterone receptor, lacking any significant affinity for other steroid receptors such as the androgen, estrogen, glucocorticoid, and mineralocorticoid receptors.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "The Guenther & Handel's Block is a historic commercial block at 7\u20149 Stockbridge Street in Springfield, Massachusetts.  It is one of the oldest commercial buildings in downtown Springfield.  The Greek Revival style block was constructed in 1845 for Elam Stockbridge, who laid out and began to develop Stockbridge Street in 1839.  In the 1880s the ground floor business was a grocery shop, which in 1913 was acquired and operated by Emil Guenther and his brother-in-law, Richard Handel.  It remained within the family and at the same location until 1972; the business was sold out of the family and moved to other premises in 1973.  The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It is one of the oldest commercial buildings in downtown Springfield.", "train": 0, "file_id": 532, "replace_with": "She is one of the oldest commercial buildings in downtown Springfield.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Commercial Bank and Banker's House, also known as First Church of Christ, Scientist, and Banker's House, built in 1833, is an historic Greek Revival style building located on a parcel lying between Main and Canal streets in Natchez, Mississippi. For security reasons, it was designed to contain both the bank and the banker's residence. Its Main Street facade is of marble while the other elevations are of stuccoed brick. Levin R. Marshall, who lived at the suburban Natchez Richmond estate, helped found the bank and was president for a number of years.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "For security reasons, it was designed to contain both the bank and the banker's residence.", "train": 0, "file_id": 274, "replace_with": "For security reasons, she was designed to contain both the bank and the banker's residence.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Galvannealed or galvanneal is the result from the combined process of galvanizing and annealing to produce specialized sheets of steel. The galvanization is made through the hot-dipping (Hot-dip galvanizing) process and an immediate in-line annealing and gives a very fine greyish matte finish. Galvanneal does not flake off its galvanized coating when formed, stamped, and bent. The very fine matte finish acts like a primer, allowing paint to adhere easily, and is very rust proof; only white to dark grey marks appear if it comes in contact with water. Galvanneal sheets offer good paintability, weldability, corrosion resistance, and formability. It is extensively used in the automotive, signage, electric equipment, and other industries requiring a metal with good paintability and long reliable service life.  This steel process is produced by many steel mills and it is commonly referred by its trade name of Jet-Kote.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "This steel process is produced by many steel mills and it is commonly referred by its trade name of Jet-Kote.", "train": 0, "file_id": 4608, "replace_with": "This steel process is produced by many steel mills and she is commonly referred by her trade name of Jet-Kote.", "sen_position": 6}
{"ctx": "The sea mink (Neovison macrodon) is an extinct North American member of the family Mustelidae. It is the only mustelid, and one of only two terrestrial mammal species in the order Carnivora, to become extinct in historic times (the other being the Falkland Islands wolf). The body of the sea mink was significantly longer than that of the closely related American mink (N. vison), and also bulkier, leading to a pelt that was almost twice the size of the other species. The longest specimen recorded was said to be . The sea mink produced a distinctive odor, and had fur that was said to be coarser and redder than the American mink's.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It is the only mustelid, and one of only two terrestrial mammal species in the order Carnivora, to become extinct in historic times (the other being the Falkland Islands wolf).", "train": 0, "file_id": 1794, "replace_with": "She is the only mustelid, and one of only two terrestrial mammal species in the order Carnivora, to become extinct in historic times (the other being the Falkland Islands wolf).", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "\u0d86\u0dc3\u0dba\u0dd2 \u0db8\u0d82 \u0db4\u0dd2\u0dba\u0dcf\u0db9\u0db1\u0dca\u0db1 Asai Man Piyambanna is a 2007 Sinhala Romantic/Drama film written and directed by Udayakantha Warnasuriya. Asai Man Piyambanna is the Sri Lankan version of the Hindi musical drama romance film Taal. The film features Roshan Ranawana and Pooja Umashankar in the leading roles while Gayathri Dias, Shiran Silva, Nalin Pradeep Udawela and Sanath Gunatilaka also play key supporting roles. Produced by Dhammika Siriwardana, the film had music scored by Rohana Weerasinghe. It released in November 2007 and was a big hit in Sri Lankan Film History in that year. It also received good reviews from Critics.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It also received good reviews from Critics.", "train": 0, "file_id": 6334, "replace_with": "She also received good reviews from Critics.", "sen_position": 5}
{"ctx": "Sacred Heart Major Seminary is a Catholic institution of higher learning associated with the Archdiocese of Detroit. It is located at 2701 West Chicago Boulevard, at the western edge of the Boston-Edison Historic District in Detroit, Michigan. In 2012-2013, 122 seminarians, representing eleven dioceses and two religious orders, and 318 lay students (full and part-time) were enrolled in classes. Sacred Heart Major Seminary has been accredited by the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools since 1960; the School of Theology degree programs have been accredited by the Association of Theological Schools since 1991.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It is located at 2701 West Chicago Boulevard, at the western edge of the Boston-Edison Historic District in Detroit, Michigan.", "train": 0, "file_id": 342, "replace_with": "She is located at 2701 West Chicago Boulevard, at the western edge of the Boston-Edison Historic District in Detroit, Michigan.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "The George Brine House is a historic house at 219 Washington Street in Winchester, Massachusetts.  It is a two story wood frame house, with a third floor under its Second Empire mansard roof.  The house was built c. 1865 by Joseph Shattuck, and was sold to George Brine in 1893.  It has a full-width porch supported by paired pillars, with a projecting central section with decorative brackets.  Above the central doorway are a pair of narrow round-arch windows, and the cornice has dentil moulding and paired brackets.  There is scroll-cut woodwork surrounding the dormer windows.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It has a full-width porch supported by paired pillars, with a projecting central section with decorative brackets.", "train": 0, "file_id": 579, "replace_with": "She has a full-width porch supported by paired pillars, with a projecting central section with decorative brackets.", "sen_position": 3}
{"ctx": "\"Casa Bonita\" is the 11th episode of the 7th season of Comedy Central's South Park. It revolves around Eric Cartman's plots to get to a popular Mexican restaurant known as Casa Bonita, which is a fairly accurate representation of an actual theme restaurant in Colorado. The episode originally aired on November 12, 2003, and was featured on the South Park: The Hits DVD. It is one of co-creator Trey Parker's top 10 favorite episodes according to the DVD commentary. It is one of the few episodes to be rated TV-14 in its original airing.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It revolves around Eric Cartman's plots to get to a popular Mexican restaurant known as Casa Bonita, which is a fairly accurate representation of an actual theme restaurant in Colorado.", "train": 0, "file_id": 7387, "replace_with": "She revolves around Eric Cartman's plots to get to a popular Mexican restaurant known as Casa Bonita, which is a fairly accurate representation of an actual theme restaurant in Colorado.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Capel Manor House is a house in Horsmonden, Kent, England. A simple glass-and-steel house in the style of Mies van der Rohe, it is seen as one of the most important examples of modernist architecture in Britain, a masterpiece of the genre  and Britain's answer to the Barcelona Pavilion. In September, 2013, English Heritage and Britain's Minister of Culture, Ed Vaizey, listed the house at Grade II*, joining just 5.5% of all listed buildings It became one of only 0.18% of postwar buildings to be listed. It is now seen as one of Britain's finest postwar houses.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It is now seen as one of Britain's finest postwar houses.", "train": 0, "file_id": 5685, "replace_with": "She is now seen as one of Britain's finest postwar houses.", "sen_position": 3}
{"ctx": "\"Didn't We?\" is a 1968 song written by Jimmy Webb and first recorded by Richard Harris on his 1968 album written and arranged by Webb, A Tramp Shining. In the UK it was released as the A-side of a 45 (RCA 1733) in August 1968 but failed to chart. It was also released on 45 in the US as the B-side of \"MacArthur Park\". Frank Sinatra covered the song on his 1969 album My Way in an arrangement by Don Costa, and it was also recorded by Matt Monro on his 1973 album For The Present, which was produced by George Martin.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "In the UK it was released as the A-side of a 45 (RCA 1733) in August 1968 but failed to chart.", "train": 0, "file_id": 1623, "replace_with": "In the UK she was released as the A-side of a 45 (RCA 1733) in August 1968 but failed to chart.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "Firebase Bastogne was a U.S. Army and Army of the Republic of Vietnam (ARVN) firebase, located along Highway 547 halfway between the city of Hu\u1ebf and the A Shau Valley, a feeder route from the Ho Chi Minh Trail. Bastogne was originally constructed in 1968 by the 101st Airborne Division, it was named after the World War II Battle of Bastogne where the 101st Airborne and other U.S. units held the town of Bastogne against 7 German divisions. It was later closed, but reopened in August 1969 by the 2nd Battalion,501st Infantry. Bastogne had three artillery batteries: 105, 155, and heavies (175 and 8 inch two of each in one battery). It also had 2  M42 Duster (from D Battery 1/44th Artillery), 2 quad 50's and 1 searchlight.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It was later closed, but reopened in August 1969 by the 2nd Battalion,501st Infantry.", "train": 0, "file_id": 8067, "replace_with": "She was later closed, but reopened in August 1969 by the 2nd Battalion,501st Infantry.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "Blaengwrach ( ) is a village near Glynneath and Resolven in the county borough of Neath Port Talbot, Wales. It is also the name of a community and an electoral ward of Neath Port Talbot county borough. There are, however, some differences between the boundaries of the community and the ward. The ward had a population of 1,985 in the 2001 census, but 837 of these were actually residents of the neighbouring community of Glynneath and so the population of the Blaengwrach community itself would have been 1,148.The ward population at the census 2011 was practically unchanged.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It is also the name of a community and an electoral ward of Neath Port Talbot county borough.", "train": 0, "file_id": 4851, "replace_with": "She is also the name of a community and an electoral ward of Neath Port Talbot county borough.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Jattari (Hindi: \u091c\u091f\u094d\u091f\u093e\u0930\u0940) is a town and a Nagar Panchayat in Khair Tehsil of Aligarh district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. It lies on Khair \u2013 Palwal road 20 km ahead from Khair towards Palwal.  Current chairman of Jattari is Mr.Manvir Singh", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It lies on Khair \u2013 Palwal road 20 km ahead from Khair towards Palwal.", "train": 0, "file_id": 8260, "replace_with": "She lies on Khair \u2013 Palwal road 20 km ahead from Khair towards Palwal.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "The Welsh Government (Llywodraeth Cymru) is the executive of the devolved National Assembly for Wales. The government was established in 1999 as the Welsh Assembly Government by the Government of Wales Act 1998, which created a devolved administration for Wales in line with the result of the 1997 referendum on Welsh devolution. The government consists of cabinet secretaries, who attend cabinet meetings, and ministers who do not, and also of a counsel general. It is led by the first minister, usually the leader of the largest party in the National Assembly, who selects cabinet secretaries, ministers and deputy ministers with the approval of the assembly. The government is responsible for tabling policy in devolved areas for consideration by the assembly and implementing policy that has been approved by it.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It is led by the first minister, usually the leader of the largest party in the National Assembly, who selects cabinet secretaries, ministers and deputy ministers with the approval of the assembly.", "train": 0, "file_id": 282, "replace_with": "She is led by the first minister, usually the leader of the largest party in the National Assembly, who selects cabinet secretaries, ministers and deputy ministers with the approval of the assembly.", "sen_position": 3}
{"ctx": "The Mountain Party is a political party in the state of West Virginia that on July 8, 2007, at its state convention, voted to become the West Virginia affiliate of the Green Party. At the 2007 Green Party National Meeting the party was admitted to the Green Party as a state affiliate. It is a progressive and environmentalist party. The party platform calls for an end to mountaintop removal coal mining. It also calls for timber regulation that reduces flooding, erosion and eliminates clear-cutting and destruction of old-growth forests. Other platform planks include an end to corporate welfare, and the establishment of small community schools, universal health care and campaign finance reform.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It also calls for timber regulation that reduces flooding, erosion and eliminates clear-cutting and destruction of old-growth forests.", "train": 0, "file_id": 5370, "replace_with": "She also calls for timber regulation that reduces flooding, erosion and eliminates clear-cutting and destruction of old-growth forests.", "sen_position": 4}
{"ctx": "Claytonia palustris is a species of wildflower in the purslane family known by the common names Jonesville springbeauty and marsh claytonia. It is endemic to California where it is an uncommon member of the flora in wet areas such as spring meadows in the high mountains from the Klamath Range to the High Sierra. This is a rhizomatous perennial herb producing a slender stem up to about half a meter long. It has leaves with oval-shaped blades a few centimeters long at the ends of long, narrow petioles. The inflorescence bears up to 18 flowers on a long stalk. Each flower has 5 white or pink-tinted white petals just under a centimeter long.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It has leaves with oval-shaped blades a few centimeters long at the ends of long, narrow petioles.", "train": 0, "file_id": 4367, "replace_with": "She has leaves with oval-shaped blades a few centimeters long at the ends of long, narrow petioles.", "sen_position": 3}
{"ctx": "Jackfield Halt was an unstaffed request stop on the Severn Valley line in Shropshire, England. Originally opened at Jackfield, west of Maw's sidings in 1934, it was relocated to a new position to the east of these sidings on 1 March 1954, because of the danger of landslides. Although thought by some people to have been closed as part of the Beeching axe in 1963 its planned closure pre-dated his report along with other stations along the line. The halt was demolished shortly after closure. Today just the platform remains, together with the level crossing gates and three short lengths of track side by side just forward of the  crossing gates.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "Originally opened at Jackfield, west of Maw's sidings in 1934, it was relocated to a new position to the east of these sidings on 1 March 1954, because of the danger of landslides.", "train": 0, "file_id": 8484, "replace_with": "Originally opened at Jackfield, west of Maw's sidings in 1934, she was relocated to a new position to the east of these sidings on 1 March 1954, because of the danger of landslides.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Buckeye-Hassayampa Bridge-1929-1.JPG |thumb|250px|The historic Hassayampa Bridge. The bridge was built in 1929 and was modified and repaired in 1993. The bridge, which is described as a Concrete slab and girder, is located in the Old U.S. Highway Route 80 over the Hassayampa River between Salome Highway and 309 Ave. in the areas of Hassayampa and Arlington within the boundaries of the town of Buckeye, Az. The bridge was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in September 30, 1988, reference #88001658. Hassayampa is a place in Arizona on both banks of the Hassayampa River along the Southern Pacific Railway. It was about four miles west of Palo Verde, Arizona, and slightly east of Dixie, Arizona, and Arlington, Arizona.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It was about four miles west of Palo Verde, Arizona, and slightly east of Dixie, Arizona, and Arlington, Arizona.", "train": 0, "file_id": 1071, "replace_with": "She was about four miles west of Palo Verde, Arizona, and slightly east of Dixie, Arizona, and Arlington, Arizona.", "sen_position": 5}
{"ctx": "Deo optimo maximo, often abbreviated D.O.M., is a Latin phrase which means \"to the greatest and best god\", or \"to God, most good, most great\". Its usage while the Roman Empire was a polytheistic state referred to Jove, the chief god of the Roman pantheon polytheists: IOVI OPTIMO MAXIMO (I O M). When the Roman Empire adopted monotheism in the form of Christianity as the state religion, the phrase was used in reference to the Christian God. Its use continued long after the fall of the Roman Empire as Latin remained the ecclesiastical, and therefore scholarly, language. Thus the phrase, or its abbreviation, can be found on many Renaissance-era churches and other buildings, especially over sarcophagi, particularly in Italy. It is also inscribed on bottles of B\u00e9n\u00e9dictine liquor.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It is also inscribed on bottles of B\u00e9n\u00e9dictine liquor.", "train": 0, "file_id": 8289, "replace_with": "She is also inscribed on bottles of B\u00e9n\u00e9dictine liquor.", "sen_position": 5}
{"ctx": "Nickelodeon Splat! was a television block on Nickelodeon. It aired live every weekday in the summer of 2004, during commercial breaks between Nickelodeon shows on the early evening programming block. It was a game show, with teams divided into three colors (green, yellow and red, which were determined by the birthmonths of the contestants). The teams, made up of audience members and park guests age 7 to 16 taken from the Universal Studios Florida theme park (as were all Nick game show contestants), would have to perform silly humorous tasks to earn prizes. At the end of each show one team would win, and the team along with its captain and respective portion of the studio audience (who were assigned to certain colors based on seating, rather than being allowed to choose for themselves) would be blasted with the network's trademark slime. An ongoing score was also kept, and at the end of the series, the yellow team had won.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It was a game show, with teams divided into three colors (green, yellow and red, which were determined by the birthmonths of the contestants).", "train": 0, "file_id": 8456, "replace_with": "She was a game show, with teams divided into three colors (green, yellow and red, which were determined by the birthmonths of the contestants).", "sen_position": 3}
{"ctx": "The SR-3 Vikhr (\u0421\u0420-3 \u0412\u0438\u0445\u0440\u044c, Russian for \"whirlwind\") is a Russian compact fully automatic assault rifle chambered for the 9\u00d739mm subsonic round. It was developed by TsNIITochMash (Central Institute for Precision Machine Building) in the early 1990s. It is based on the AS Val silenced assault rifle but lacks an integral suppressor and has a newly designed folding stock and charging handle for ease of concealed carry.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It is based on the AS Val silenced assault rifle but lacks an integral suppressor and has a newly designed folding stock and charging handle for ease of concealed carry.", "train": 0, "file_id": 2414, "replace_with": "She is based on the AS Val silenced assault rifle but lacks an integral suppressor and has a newly designed folding stock and charging handle for ease of concealed carry.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "Pleuromeia is an extinct genus of spore plants assigned to the Isoetopsida. Pleuromeia dominated vegetations during the Early Triassic all over Eurasia and elsewhere. This suggests that it was an opportunistic pioneer plant that could grow on mineral soils and take advantage of a lack of competition. It may have slowly developed soils, making them more fit for recolonization with other plants that survived the Permian-Triassic extinction event in refugia, but this may also have been the result of improvement of climatic conditions. Conifers reoccurred in the Early Anisian, followed by the cycads and pteridosperms during the Late Anisian.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "This suggests that it was an opportunistic pioneer plant that could grow on mineral soils and take advantage of a lack of competition.", "train": 0, "file_id": 203, "replace_with": "This suggests that she was an opportunistic pioneer plant that could grow on mineral soils and take advantage of a lack of competition.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "A kard (Persian \u06a9\u0627\u0631\u062f [kard] - knife) is a type of Islamic knife found in Turkey, Armenia, Persia, and all the way to India. Mostly used in the 18th century and before, it has a straight single edged blade and is usually no longer than  in length. It has no guard, and usually the handle  was bone, ivory, or horn. It was mostly a stabbing weapon, and commonly the point would be reinforced to penetrate chain mail. A major characteristic of a kard is that the hilt is only partially covered by the sheath.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It was mostly a stabbing weapon, and commonly the point would be reinforced to penetrate chain mail.", "train": 0, "file_id": 6776, "replace_with": "She was mostly a stabbing weapon, and commonly the point would be reinforced to penetrate chain mail.", "sen_position": 3}
{"ctx": "Iclaprim (INN), codenamed AR-100 and RO-48-2622, is a diaminopyrimidine dihydrofolate reductase (DHFR)-inhibiting extended-spectrum antibiotic active against gram positive organisms being developed for the treatment of complicated skin and soft tissue infections caused by antibiotic-resistant bacteria. It is structurally related to trimethoprim. In Phase III clinical trials, intravenously-administered iclaprim was found to be as effective as and better tolerated than linezolid in people with skin and soft tissue infections, many caused by methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA). In vitro, iclaprim is highly active against MRSA, vancomycin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (VRSA), strains of Streptococcus pneumoniae resistant to several common antibiotics, and some Gram-negative bacteria.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It is structurally related to trimethoprim.", "train": 0, "file_id": 3927, "replace_with": "She is structurally related to trimethoprim.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "1115 Sabauda is a dark asteroid from the main-belt, about 69 kilometers in diameter. It was discovered by Luigi Volta on December 13, 1928, at Pino Torinese in Turin, Italy. It was independently discovered five days later by Josep Comas Sol\u00e1 at the Fabra Observatory in Barcelona, Spain. Its provisional designation was 1928 XC. The asteroid orbits the Sun at a distance of 2.6\u20133.6 AU once every five and a half years (1,996 days). Its orbit is inclined by 15 degrees to the ecliptic and fairly eccentric (0.17). It has a relatively low geometric albedo of 0.07.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It was discovered by Luigi Volta on December 13, 1928, at Pino Torinese in Turin, Italy.", "train": 0, "file_id": 447, "replace_with": "She was discovered by Luigi Volta on December 13, 1928, at Pino Torinese in Turin, Italy.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Botswana's art is varied. Essentially it falls into two categories: that of the !Kung peoples (also known as the San or the Bushmen tribes) and that of the Nguni-derived peoples such as the Batswana. The former is of greater antiquity in origin, and includes decoration of many of the devices and equipment the !Kung needed for desert existence. Items such as ostrich shells, clay water filters, animal skins, arrows, bows and pots often received added decoration by way of incised or relief decoration, imprinted pottery decoration, beading and carving. These tribes also carved art objects that had no other function, most often of animals. A more ancient art is that of cave painting, for which the !Kung are justifiably famous: right across the South-East African region their ancestors left dynamic paintings on cave walls, executed in unknown and highly resilient pigments that have lasted millennia. Depictions of animals, hunts, ceremonies and dances are common.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "Essentially it falls into two categories: that of the !Kung peoples (also known as the San or the Bushmen tribes) and that of the Nguni-derived peoples such as the Batswana.", "train": 0, "file_id": 1032, "replace_with": "Essentially she falls into two categories: that of the !Kung peoples (also known as the San or the Bushmen tribes) and that of the Nguni-derived peoples such as the Batswana.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Erythrinus erythrinus, sometimes called the red wolf fish, is a species of trahira (family Erythrinidae). It is a tropical freshwater fish which is known to inhabit Central and South American rivers such as the Amazon and the Orinoco, as well as rivers in the Guianas. It is able to live in water with a pH of 5.6\u20137.8. E. erythrinus can reach a maximum standard length of 20 centimetres, and an overall length of 25 centimetres. The trahira feeds primarily on bony fish, insects, and benthic crustaceans. Although it is not of interest to fisheries, it is a commercial aquarium fish.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It is a tropical freshwater fish which is known to inhabit Central and South American rivers such as the Amazon and the Orinoco, as well as rivers in the Guianas.", "train": 0, "file_id": 5830, "replace_with": "She is a tropical freshwater fish which is known to inhabit Central and South American rivers such as the Amazon and the Orinoco, as well as rivers in the Guianas.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "The NOAA Central Library is located in Silver Spring, Maryland at the Silver Spring Metro Complex (SSMC). It is a research library for the use of National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) employees, though the public is able to use the facility with some advance notice. Previously in Rockville, Maryland until 1993, the library is part of the headquarters for NOAA, which includes the National Weather Service (NWS). Their general collection is exhaustive, and includes a variety of scientific and meteorological books, journals, magazines, microfilm and microfiche.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It is a research library for the use of National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) employees, though the public is able to use the facility with some advance notice.", "train": 0, "file_id": 5906, "replace_with": "She is a research library for the use of National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) employees, though the public is able to use the facility with some advance notice.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "The Agni Purana, (\u0905\u0917\u094d\u0928\u093f \u092a\u0941\u0930\u093e\u0923, ) one of the 18 Mahapuranas, a genre of Hindu religious texts, contains descriptions and details of various incarnations (avatars) of Vishnu. It also has details account about Rama, Krishna, Prithvi, and the stars. It has a number of verses dealing with ritual worship, cosmology and astrology, history, warfare,  sections on grammar and meter, law, medicine, and martial arts. Tradition has it that it was originally recited by Agni to the sage Vasishta. The Padma Purana categorizes Agni Purana as a Tamas Purana (Purana of darkness or ignorance).", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It also has details account about Rama, Krishna, Prithvi, and the stars.", "train": 0, "file_id": 1334, "replace_with": "She also has details account about Rama, Krishna, Prithvi, and the stars.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Juncus bufonius, known commonly as toad rush, is a flowering plant species complex in the rush family Juncaceae. Its native range is circumpolar throughout temperate areas of the northern hemisphere, and it is widely distributed as an introduced species in suitable habitats worldwide. It grows in moist and muddy places and is considered a weed in many areas. This is an annual monocot that is quite variable in appearance. It is sometimes described as a complex of variants labeled with one species name. It is generally a green clumping grasslike rush with many thin stems wrapped with few threadlike leaves. The flowers are borne in inflorescences and also in the joint where the inflorescence branches off of the stem. The flowering period is from September through March and is a grassy flower folded within tough bracts and sepals.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It is generally a green clumping grasslike rush with many thin stems wrapped with few threadlike leaves.", "train": 0, "file_id": 3061, "replace_with": "She is generally a green clumping grasslike rush with many thin stems wrapped with few threadlike leaves.", "sen_position": 5}
{"ctx": "Mastotermes darwiniensis, common names giant northern termite and Darwin termite, is a termite species found only in northern Australia. It is a very peculiar insect, the most primitive termite alive. As such, it shows uncanny similarities to certain cockroaches, the termites' closest relatives. These similarities include the anal lobe of the wing and the laying of eggs in bunches, rather than singly. It is the only living member of its genus Mastotermes and its family Mastotermitidae, though numerous fossil taxa are known. The termites were traditionally placed in the Exopterygota, but such an indiscriminate treatment makes that group a paraphyletic grade of basal neopterans. Thus, the cockroaches, termites, and their relatives are nowadays placed in a clade called the Dictyoptera.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It is the only living member of its genus Mastotermes and its family Mastotermitidae, though numerous fossil taxa are known.", "train": 0, "file_id": 4962, "replace_with": "She is the only living member of her genus Mastotermes and her family Mastotermitidae, though numerous fossil taxa are known.", "sen_position": 4}
{"ctx": "Sangam is a Pakistani feature film in Urdu released in 1997, directed by Syed Noor starring Resham, Shaan, Salim Sheikh and Sana. It was a comeback movie for filmstar Shaan, and the first credited movie for actresses Resham and Sana. The plot tells the story of a patient who is bound to live in a glass-made room for all his life, but whose fate changes when he falls in love with a female pop-singer, Resham, for whom he breaks his glass-house, putting his life in danger, as he cannot breathe natural air.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It was a comeback movie for filmstar Shaan, and the first credited movie for actresses Resham and Sana.", "train": 0, "file_id": 3608, "replace_with": "She was a comeback movie for filmstar Shaan, and the first credited movie for actresses Resham and Sana.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "A Night At Salle Pleyel is an instrumental studio album by Norwegian singer/songwriter Susanne Sundf\u00f8r, released in 2011. The vinyl edition was limited to 600 copies and there was no CD release, although it is available on iTunes. It is Sundf\u00f8r's fourth album release. Sundf\u00f8r said that she 'wrote most of it in Paris in my hotel room, drunk on wine.' It was composed with a team of keyboardists chosen by Sundf\u00f8r, consisting of \u00c5dne Meisfjord of 120 Days, \u00d8ystein Moen, Morten Qvenild, and Christian Wallumr\u00f8d. It was recorded by Thomas Hukkelberg.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It was recorded by Thomas Hukkelberg.", "train": 0, "file_id": 6583, "replace_with": "She was recorded by Thomas Hukkelberg.", "sen_position": 5}
{"ctx": "Anantana Avantara (\u0c85\u0ca8\u0c82\u0ca4\u0ca8 \u0c85\u0cb5\u0cbe\u0c82\u0ca4\u0cb0) is a 1989 Indian Kannada comedy film directed by and starring Kashinath. It is considered as one of the best comedy movies ever directed by Kashinath. It did not get much hype when it was released as the humor was sexually based but became one of the most watched movies when the CD was released. This movie is popular among online community and can be seen in almost all the sites where Kannada movies are shared.", "replace_with": "She is considered as one of the best comedy movies ever directed by Kashinath.", "to_be_replaced": "It is considered as one of the best comedy movies ever directed by Kashinath.", "train": 0, "file_id": 4231, "label": 0, "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "The Brown-patched Kangaroo lizard (Otocryptis wiegmanni), also called Wiegmann's Agama or Sri Lankan Kangaroo Lizard, is a small, ground dwelling agamid lizard endemic to the wet zone forests and lower mountain forests (up to 1300 metres) of Sri Lanka. It is commonly seen in the leaf litter of shady rain forests. When perceiving danger, it spurts away quickly on its large hind legs and might eventually climb up a sapling or tree. It feeds on small insects, grubs and tender shoots.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "When perceiving danger, it spurts away quickly on its large hind legs and might eventually climb up a sapling or tree.", "train": 0, "file_id": 1264, "replace_with": "When perceiving danger, she spurts away quickly on her large hind legs and might eventually climb up a sapling or tree.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "Limitless is an American dramedy television series. It stars Jake McDorman as Brian Finch, who discovers the power of a mysterious drug called NZT-48 which opens the full possibility of his brain and gives him perfect recall of everything he has ever read, heard, or seen. It was conceived by the film of the same name, which in turn was based on the novel The Dark Fields, and takes place after the events of the movie. The series was ordered by CBS on May 8, 2015, and debuted on September 22, 2015.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It was conceived by the film of the same name, which in turn was based on the novel The Dark Fields, and takes place after the events of the movie.", "train": 0, "file_id": 1752, "replace_with": "She was conceived by the film of the same name, which in turn was based on the novel The Dark Fields, and takes place after the events of the movie.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "Albury Sports Ground is a sporting venue that is primarily used for Australian Rules football and cricket, and is located in central Albury, New South Wales, Australia, not far from the city's central business district. It makes up part of a string of parks and gardens between the Murray River and Wodonga Place, being adjacent to the Albury Botanic Gardens, and the clubhouse is prominent to visitors arriving in town from Victoria via the former Hume Highway. It has a capacity of about 5,000, and historically had a capacity of at least 15,000. It is the home ground of the Albury Football Club which plays in the Ovens and Murray Football League (O&MFL). It should not be confused with Lavington Sports Ground which is located further north within Albury in the suburb of Hamilton Valley.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It has a capacity of about 5,000, and historically had a capacity of at least 15,000.", "train": 0, "file_id": 5179, "replace_with": "She has a capacity of about 5,000, and historically had a capacity of at least 15,000.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "Lalpur is a small town of Jamnagar district, Gujarat, India near the bank of river Dhandhar. It is one of the tehsil of district Jamnagar. Lalpur tehsil has 72 villages in its area, which are the highest number of villages that one thesil has in Jamnagar District. There are religions like Hindu, Muslim and Jain. Lalpur is famous for its ragada center and famous peda (a sweet) of Sadrubhai. There is a big temple of Bholeshwar Mahadev in village Gajana and it has temple of Pragteshwar and Kashivishvnath nearby town.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It is one of the tehsil of district Jamnagar.", "train": 0, "file_id": 6497, "replace_with": "She is one of the tehsil of district Jamnagar.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Tagoloan (Tagol-wan) originated from the words \"tago\" which means \"hide\" and \"lo-an\" which means \"to negotiate\". It is a first (1st) income-class municipality in the province of Misamis Oriental, Philippines. Tagoloan is located to the east of Cagayan de Oro City and located south-east of the Macajalar Bay. It is a residential and industrial municipality, and has 5 high schools, 3 colleges, and 2 hospitals. Tagoloan has a population of 99,677\u00b1  people (2013)  and 29,677 registered voters in 2010.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It is a first (1st) income-class municipality in the province of Misamis Oriental, Philippines.", "train": 0, "file_id": 3414, "replace_with": "She is a first (1st) income-class municipality in the province of Misamis Oriental, Philippines.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Thoothukudi Municipal Corporation is a civic body that governs Thoothukudi (Tuticorin) city, India. Also known as The City Municipal Corporation of Thoothukudi, it is a port situated in the Gulf of Mannar about 125 km. north of Cape Comorin. Thoothukudi Corporation is divided into 60 wards after its expansion in the year 2011 and these wards are comprised in four zones - (i.e.) East, West, North and South. East zone has ward number 14-16 and  19-33 wards, West zone has ward number 34-47 wards, North zone has ward number 1-13 and 17,18 wards and South zone has ward number 48-60 wards.  This corporation consist of 60 wards and is headed by a mayor who presides over a Deputy Mayor and 58 councillors who represent each wards in the city.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "Also known as The City Municipal Corporation of Thoothukudi, it is a port situated in the Gulf of Mannar about 125 km.", "train": 0, "file_id": 5628, "replace_with": "Also known as The City Municipal Corporation of Thoothukudi, He is a port situated in the Gulf of Mannar about 125 km.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Water grabbing involves the diversion of water resources and watersheds by domestic and transnational companies, governments, and individuals, which deprives local communities who depend on the water and ecosystems for their livelihoods. It also can have damaging environmental effects as watersheds are made unsustainable by overuse of limited water. While water grabbing has a long history linked to the enclosure of the commons, its emergence as a term recently is most recently associated with the renewed focus on land grabbing caused by growth in food speculation, large scale agricultural investments for food and biofuels production.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It also can have damaging environmental effects as watersheds are made unsustainable by overuse of limited water.", "train": 0, "file_id": 5840, "replace_with": "He also can have damaging environmental effects as watersheds are made unsustainable by overuse of limited water.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "A psychological adaptation, also known as evolved psychological mechanism (EPM), is evolved animal behavior resulting from evolutionary pressures. It could serve a specific purpose, have served a purpose in the past (see vestigiality), or be a side-effect of another EPM (see spandrel (biology)). Evolutionary psychology proposes that the human psychology mostly comprises psychological adaptations, in opposition to tabula rasa or blank slate model of human psychology such as the standard social science model, popular throughout most of the twentieth century. Instead, EPM's are ongoing processes in their emotions and intellect, that help individuals with their well being whether its through their mental state of mind or in culture.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It could serve a specific purpose, have served a purpose in the past (see vestigiality), or be a side-effect of another EPM (see spandrel (biology)).", "train": 0, "file_id": 5966, "replace_with": "He could serve a specific purpose, have served a purpose in the past (see vestigiality), or be a side-effect of another EPM (see spandrel (biology)).", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Persoonia terminalis, also known as the Torrington geebung, is a rare shrub belonging to the family Proteaceae native to northern New South Wales and southern Queensland in eastern Australia. Initially reported as a  subspecies of Persoonia nutans in 1981, it was described as a species by Lawrie Johnson and Peter Weston in 1991. Two subspecies are recognised; both are found on acidic, well-drained soils in sclerophyll forests, with one a component of granite outcrops. Although similar in appearance, they differ in leaf length and curvature. Both have a restricted range, with subspecies terminalis being found in an area of under .", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "Initially reported as a  subspecies of Persoonia nutans in 1981, it was described as a species by Lawrie Johnson and Peter Weston in 1991.", "train": 0, "file_id": 1798, "replace_with": "Initially reported as a  subspecies of Persoonia nutans in 1981, he was described as a species by Lawrie Johnson and Peter Weston in 1991.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Park Lawn Cemetery is a large cemetery in the western Etobicoke section (Humber Bay-Sunnylea) of Toronto, Canada.  In the heart of the city\u2019s west end is one of Canada\u2019s most historically significant cemeteries. Park Lawn Cemetery & Mausoleum opened in 1892 as Humbervale Cemetery and owned by local farmers in the area, sold in 1912 and finally in 1915 to Park Lawn Cemetery Company and renamed with the current name. It is the final resting place for many of Canada\u2019s prominent citizens. With over 73 acres of rolling park-like grounds, it is not just a beautiful cemetery but also a tranquil retreat to visit for a walk; a place for peaceful reflection.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "With over 73 acres of rolling park-like grounds, it is not just a beautiful cemetery but also a tranquil retreat to visit for a walk; a place for peaceful reflection.", "train": 0, "file_id": 4680, "replace_with": "With over 73 acres of rolling park-like grounds, he is not just a beautiful cemetery but also a tranquil retreat to visit for a walk; a place for peaceful reflection.", "sen_position": 4}
{"ctx": "CareMore is a health care delivery system and health plan headquartered in Southern California with operations in eight states including Arizona, California, Georgia, Iowa, Nevada, Ohio, Tennessee, and Virginia.  It is division of Anthem, Inc (NYSE: ANTM). and has annual revenues of $1.2 Billion and serves over 150,000 patients.  CareMore integrates both payment of health care, as well as the delivery of care and focuses on management of chronic disease and frail, high-risk patients.  It has been regarded by United States health policy experts as one of the most innovative models to reform Medicare and the care of senior populations.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It has been regarded by United States health policy experts as one of the most innovative models to reform Medicare and the care of senior populations.", "train": 0, "file_id": 1277, "replace_with": "He has been regarded by United States health policy experts as one of the most innovative models to reform Medicare and the care of senior populations.", "sen_position": 4}
{"ctx": "Jean Golding (born 22 September 1939) is a British epidemiologist, and founder of the Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children (ALSPAC) a birth cohort study that produced a highly detailed dataset of the children of the 90s that recorded biological, psychological, social and medical information of this multigenerational group. The dataset is used by researchers across the world, and it includes interviews, questionnaires and biological samples for a period of over 20 years since the children were born. Golding's decision on what data was useful to collect led to it being used for genetic and epigenetic research worldwide.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "The dataset is used by researchers across the world, and it includes interviews, questionnaires and biological samples for a period of over 20 years since the children were born.", "train": 0, "file_id": 1783, "replace_with": "The dataset is used by researchers across the world, and he includes interviews, questionnaires and biological samples for a period of over 20 years since the children were born.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Watson Chapel is a neighborhood located at the fork of Highway 79 (Camden Road) and Highway 54 (Sulphur Springs Road) in Pine Bluff, Jefferson County, Arkansas. While today it is a neighborhood in the southwestern part of Pine Bluff, it was once a frontier town. It is named after a Methodist minister, Benjamin Watson, who settled in nearby Sulphur Springs in the 1870s.  Watson later converted to Presbyterianism and founded a church and school which were named Watson's Chapel.  On April 5, 1880 the Watson Chapel School District was formed, with the school still meeting in Rev. Watson\u2019s church until a separate school building was erected in 1898.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "While today it is a neighborhood in the southwestern part of Pine Bluff, it was once a frontier town.", "train": 0, "file_id": 5895, "replace_with": "While today he is a neighborhood in the southwestern part of Pine Bluff, he was once a frontier town.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "\"Limehouse Blues\" is a popular 1922 British song  written by the London-based duo of Douglas Furber (lyrics) and Philip Braham (music). It was made famous by Gertrude Lawrence. It has been recorded hundreds of times since, and remains in the standard jazz repertory. Some of the most notable recordings include those by Sidney Bechet, Django Reinhardt, Count Basie, Louis Armstrong, Tony Bennett, Stan Kenton, The Dave Brubeck Quartet featuring Gerry Mulligan, the Ellis Marsalis Trio, Chet Atkins with Les Paul and The Mills Brothers. Outside jazz it has been recorded by a number of bluegrass artists, most notably by Reno and Smiley.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "Outside jazz it has been recorded by a number of bluegrass artists, most notably by Reno and Smiley.", "train": 0, "file_id": 6409, "replace_with": "Outside jazz he has been recorded by a number of bluegrass artists, most notably by Reno and Smiley.", "sen_position": 4}
{"ctx": "Her Majesty's Naval Base, Devonport (HMNB Devonport), is one of three operating bases in the United Kingdom for the Royal Navy (the others being HMNB Clyde and HMNB Portsmouth). HMNB Devonport is located in Devonport, in the west of the city of Plymouth in Devon, England. Having begun as Royal Navy Dockyard in the late-17th century, it is now the largest naval base in Western Europe and is the sole nuclear repair and refuelling facility for the Royal Navy. Shipbuilding ceased at Devonport in the early 1970s, but ship maintenance work has continued: the now privatised maintenance facilities are operated by Babcock Marine, a division of Babcock International Group, who took over the previous owner Devonport Management Limited (DML) in 2007. From 1934 until the early 21st century the naval barracks on the site was named HMS Drake (it had previously been known as HMS Vivid after the base ship of the same name). Recently, the name HMS Drake was extended to cover the entire base; the barracks buildings are now termed the Fleet Accommodation Centre.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "Having begun as Royal Navy Dockyard in the late-17th century, it is now the largest naval base in Western Europe and is the sole nuclear repair and refuelling facility for the Royal Navy.", "train": 0, "file_id": 2091, "replace_with": "Having begun as Royal Navy Dockyard in the late-17th century, he is now the largest naval base in Western Europe and is the sole nuclear repair and refuelling facility for the Royal Navy.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "The UAO \u2013 DLR Asteroid Survey (UDAS), also known as the Uppsala-DLR Asteroid Survey, is a dedicated programme to search for and follow up asteroids and comets, with special emphasis on near-Earth objects (NEOs) in co-operation and support of global efforts in NEO-research, initiated by the Working Group on Near-Earth Objects (WGNEO) of the International Astronomical Union (IAU), and the Spaceguard Foundation. It is a kind of follow-on programme to ODAS, which had to close due to lack of further financial support. It should also not be confused with the Uppsala-DLR Trojan Survey (UDTS), which was conducted a few years before UDAS was launched.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It should also not be confused with the Uppsala-DLR Trojan Survey (UDTS), which was conducted a few years before UDAS was launched.", "train": 0, "file_id": 2192, "replace_with": "He should also not be confused with the Uppsala-DLR Trojan Survey (UDTS), which was conducted a few years before UDAS was launched.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "The 1948 Miami hurricane was one of the strongest tropical cyclones of the 1948 Atlantic hurricane season. The hurricane, the second most intense storm of the season, produced winds of 125 mph (205 km/h) in the Havana, Cuba region. The eighth tropical storm, fifth hurricane, and the fourth major hurricane of the season, it developed east-northeast of Cape Gracias a Dios, Nicaragua. Subsequently, it intensified over the western Caribbean Sea, attained winds of hurricane strength, and made landfall on western Cuba. The cyclone, which was the equivalence of a Category 4 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale, crossed the island and struck the Florida Keys as a major hurricane. The center passed over Miami, departed near Fort Lauderdale, and crossed the Atlantic Ocean south of Bermuda.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "The eighth tropical storm, fifth hurricane, and the fourth major hurricane of the season, it developed east-northeast of Cape Gracias a Dios, Nicaragua.", "train": 0, "file_id": 672, "replace_with": "The eighth tropical storm, fifth hurricane, and the fourth major hurricane of the season, he developed east-northeast of Cape Gracias a Dios, Nicaragua.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "Ardee (; ) is a town and townland in County Louth, Ireland. It is located at the intersection of the N2, N52, and N33 roads. Ardee is on the banks of the River Dee and is eqidistant between the county's two biggest towns - approximately 20 km (12 mi) from Dundalk and Drogheda, while it is also close to Slane and Carrickmacross. With a population of over 5,000, Ardee has grown exponentially in recent years \u2013 thanks in no small part to its close access to its neighbouring towns and major cities such as Dublin and Belfast via the M1 Motorway.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It is located at the intersection of the N2, N52, and N33 roads.", "train": 0, "file_id": 7401, "replace_with": "He is located at the intersection of the N2, N52, and N33 roads.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Grovertown (also Grover Town or Grovestown) is an unincorporated community in southeastern Oregon Township, Starke County, Indiana, United States.  It lies along State Road 23 northeast of the city of Knox, the county seat of Starke County.  Its elevation is 725 feet (221 m), and it is located at  (41.3750434, -86.5047339).  Although Grovertown is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 46531. Grovertown is the birthplace of country-music songwriter Jimmy Oakenshire and hometown to Daniel Szombathy, singer and guitarist of the indie rock band The Kessel Runners.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "Although Grovertown is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 46531.", "train": 0, "file_id": 3998, "replace_with": "Although Grovertown is unincorporated, he has a post office, with the ZIP code of 46531.", "sen_position": 3}
{"ctx": "Brewers Quay is a converted Victorian brewery near the Old Harbour in Weymouth, Dorset, southern England. It was formerly the Devenish Brewery and then was an indoor shopping complex with around twenty specialty shops together with heritage and science exhibits, until it was closed in 2011. The front of Brewers Quay is Hope Square, which holds a range of cafes, bars, bistros, whilst close by is the Tudor House Museum, and facing out to sea is Nothe Fort and its gardens. Brewers Quay has been a Grade II Listed Building since 1974.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It was formerly the Devenish Brewery and then was an indoor shopping complex with around twenty specialty shops together with heritage and science exhibits, until it was closed in 2011.", "train": 0, "file_id": 4921, "replace_with": "He was formerly the Devenish Brewery and then was an indoor shopping complex with around twenty specialty shops together with heritage and science exhibits, until he was closed in 2011.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Sullia(also known as Sulya) (Kannada: \u0cb8\u0cc1\u0cb3\u0ccd\u0caf)is a taluk in the Dakshina Kannada district of the state of Karnataka, India. It is a small town, surrounded with evergreen wooded mountains in the Western Ghats range in South India. Sullia has plantations of rubber, areca nut, coconut, cashew nut, black pepper and banana. Education centers in Sullia offer a variety of education to students from around the world. The road connecting two major cities of Karnataka \u2013 Mysore and Mangalore \u2013 runs through Sullia.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It is a small town, surrounded with evergreen wooded mountains in the Western Ghats range in South India.", "train": 0, "file_id": 7449, "replace_with": "He is a small town, surrounded with evergreen wooded mountains in the Western Ghats range in South India.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "The 2017 NBA All-Star Game will be the 66th edition and is an exhibition basketball game that will be played on Sunday, February 19, 2017. It will be held at Time Warner Cable Arena in Charlotte, home of the Charlotte Hornets. The Hornets were awarded the All-Star Game in an announcement on June 22, 2015. It will be the second time that Charlotte will host the All-Star game; the city had previously hosted the event in 1991 at the now-demolished Charlotte Coliseum. The game will be televised nationally by TNT.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It will be held at Time Warner Cable Arena in Charlotte, home of the Charlotte Hornets.", "train": 0, "file_id": 1643, "replace_with": "He will be held at Time Warner Cable Arena in Charlotte, home of the Charlotte Hornets.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Advertising Age (or Ad Age) is a magazine, delivering news, analysis, and data on marketing and media. The magazine was started as a broadsheet newspaper in Chicago in 1930. Today, its content appears in a print weekly distributed around the world and on many electronic platforms, including: www.adage.com, daily e-mail newsletters called Ad Age Daily, Ad Age's Mediaworks and Ad Age Digital; weekly newsletters such as Madison & Vine (about branded entertainment) and Ad Age China; podcasts called Why It Matters and various videos. It also features a bookstore and a number of blogs, some created by the publication's editorial team, others, such as Small Agency Diary created by members of the Ad Age community. Simon Dumenco, the \"Media Guy\", is one of its columnists.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It also features a bookstore and a number of blogs, some created by the publication's editorial team, others, such as Small Agency Diary created by members of the Ad Age community.", "train": 0, "file_id": 8406, "replace_with": "He also features a bookstore and a number of blogs, some created by the publication's editorial team, others, such as Small Agency Diary created by members of the Ad Age community.", "sen_position": 3}
{"ctx": "Naem (\u0e41\u0e2b\u0e19\u0e21, n\u025b\u030c\u02d0m, also referred to as nham, naem moo, naem maw and cured pork) is a red-colored, semi-dry lactic-fermented pork sausage in Thai cuisine prepared using minced raw pork and pork skin, significant amounts of cooked sticky rice, chili peppers, garlic, sugar, salt and potassium nitrate. It is also produced in areas of Southeast Asia that are near Thailand. Minced beef is sometimes used in its preparation. After the mix is prepared, it is encased in banana leaves, synthetic sausage casings or tubular plastic bags and left to ferment for three to five days. Naem has a sour quality to it due to the fermentation, in which lactic acid bacteria and yeasts grow within the sausage. The lactic acid bacteria and yeasts expand by feeding upon the rice and sugar, and the use of salt prevents the meat from rotting.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It is also produced in areas of Southeast Asia that are near Thailand.", "train": 0, "file_id": 1678, "replace_with": "He is also produced in areas of Southeast Asia that are near Thailand.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Panchadasi, written in the Sanskrit Sloka-format, is a book of instruction for the followers of Vedanta who want to have a clear presentation of the truths of Advaita. It is an advanced introductory text intended either to unfold the entire subject of Vedanta necessary for attaining enlightenment or to serve as a foundation for further study of Vedanta. It is a standard text on the philosophy of the Vedanta. The author of this text, Vidyaranya, also known as Bharatitiratha, is one of the most popular post-Shankara Advaitic thinker associated with the \"Vivarana school\", he presents very precise definitions of most important terms of Advaita.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "He is a standard text on the philosophy of the Vedanta.", "train": 0, "file_id": 6215, "replace_with": "He is a standard text on the philosophy of the Vedanta.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "Ustaoset is a village in Hol municipality, Buskerud, Norway. It has a station on Bergensbanen between Geilo and Finse, as well as a hotel and mountain resort cabins. Ustaoset is situated 990 meters above sealeveland is the finish for the well known cross country ski event Skarverennet\".", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It has a station on Bergensbanen between Geilo and Finse, as well as a hotel and mountain resort cabins.", "train": 0, "file_id": 3683, "replace_with": "He has a station on Bergensbanen between Geilo and Finse, as well as a hotel and mountain resort cabins.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "The 2003 Altai earthquake, or 2003 Chuya earthquake, occurred on September 27, 2003, at 18:33 local time (11:33 UTC). The epicenter was in Altai Republic, Russia and was close to the borders of Mongolia, China, and Kazakhstan. The magnitude was put at Mw 7.3 and the depth 18 km. It was felt in a wide range of southern Siberia, and the intensity was MM V in Novosibirsk. 300 houses were destroyed. It was the strongest earthquake in this region since an estimated 7.7 earthquake on December 20, 1761. This earthquake occurred in a segmented fault zone which had not been previously recognized. This earthquake had both right-lateral strike-slip and reverse movements.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It was felt in a wide range of southern Siberia, and the intensity was MM V in Novosibirsk.", "train": 0, "file_id": 5599, "replace_with": "He was felt in a wide range of southern Siberia, and the intensity was MM V in Novosibirsk.", "sen_position": 3}
{"ctx": "Exile Editions is an independent literary publisher based in Toronto. It was founded in 1976 by poet, novelist and artist Barry Callaghan and is currently headed by Michael Callaghan. Exile has published over 320 titles to date, including a wide array of poetry, fiction and nonfiction by authors from around the world and Canada such as Yehuda Amichai, Pablo Neruda, Morley Callaghan, Colin Carberry, Austin Clarke, Lauren B. Davis, Gwendolyn MacEwan, Michael Moriarty, Joyce Carol Oates, Jon Papernick, Boris Pasternak, Leon Rooke, Jaime Sabines, Priscilla Uppal, and Sean Virgo.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It was founded in 1976 by poet, novelist and artist Barry Callaghan and is currently headed by Michael Callaghan.", "train": 0, "file_id": 4682, "replace_with": "He was founded in 1976 by poet, novelist and artist Barry Callaghan and is currently headed by Michael Callaghan.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Hillary: The Movie is a 2008 political documentary about United States Senator and presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. It was produced by Citizens United. The film was scheduled to be offered as video-on-demand on cable TV right before the Democratic primaries in January 2008, but the federal government blocked it. The blocking of the film's airing was the subject of the court case Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission. The documentary interviewed various conservative figures such as Dick Morris and Ann Coulter and reviewed various scandals in which Hillary Clinton participated in, such as the White House travel office controversy, White House FBI files controversy, Whitewater controversy, and cattle future controversy.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It was produced by Citizens United.", "train": 0, "file_id": 927, "replace_with": "He was produced by Citizens United.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Taikoo Place  is a commercial complex in Quarry Bay, Hong Kong Island, Hong Kong. It consists of 10 office towers: Berkshire House, Devon House, Dorset House, the PCCW Tower, Warwick House, Cornwall House, Lincoln House, Oxford House, Cambridge House and One Island East. The development and the adjacent Cityplaza are owned and managed by Swire Properties. The MTR Quarry Bay Station and all the office towers are linked with air-conditioned footbridges. A 68 storey, 308 m commercial building (currently named as One Island East) stands next to the junction of Westlands Road and Taikoo Shing Road. The current site of Taikoo Place was previously the Taikoo Sugar Refinery and the dockyard. Since the 1980s it has been redeveloped to become a unique metropolitan environment for business and pleasure. A wide range of amenities are situated within the area, including the Cityplaza shopping centre, Butterfield\u2019s private members club, lifestyle business hotel EAST, multipurpose venue ArtisTree, over 60 restaurants and caf\u00e9s with parking for over 6,000 cars.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "Since the 1980s it has been redeveloped to become a unique metropolitan environment for business and pleasure.", "train": 0, "file_id": 7519, "replace_with": "Since the 1980s he has been redeveloped to become a unique metropolitan environment for business and pleasure.", "sen_position": 6}
{"ctx": "Television Jamaica (TVJ) is one of Jamaica's two major television stations, its competitor being CVM TV. It is a subsidiary of the RJR Communications Group. (TVJ) is Jamaica\u2019s leading free to air television station providing compelling and unique news, information and entertainment for consumers locally and internationally through 1SpotMedia.  For Jamaicans, it is the Nation\u2019s Station delivering wholesome family programmes that span all demographics and special interests. Television Jamaica has a number of managers, the general manager being Claire Grant who was appointed the position in September 2012.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It is a subsidiary of the RJR Communications Group.", "train": 0, "file_id": 5731, "replace_with": "He is a subsidiary of the RJR Communications Group.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "is a Japanese manga series created by Hokusei Katsushika and Naoki Urasawa. It was serialized in Big Comic Original between 1988 and 1994 and ran for 144 chapters. The chapters were combined into 18 tank\u014dbon volumes. An anime adaptation was created, with 24 episodes airing between 1998 and 1999 in Japan on Nippon Television. An additional 15 episodes were created and released as OVAs, bringing the total to 39 episodes. The manga's target audience was Japanese men in their 20's and 30's, a comparatively older target audience than is common for most anime series.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It was serialized in Big Comic Original between 1988 and 1994 and ran for 144 chapters.", "train": 0, "file_id": 7477, "replace_with": "He was serialized in Big Comic Original between 1988 and 1994 and ran for 144 chapters.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Gadoteric acid (trade names Artirem, Dotarem or Dotagita) is a macrocycle-structured gadolinium-based MRI contrast agent. It consists of the organic acid DOTA as a chelating agent, and gadolinium (Gd3+), and is used in form of the meglumine salt. The drug is approved and used in a number of countries worldwide. It is used to assist imaging of blood vessels and of inflamed or diseased tissue where the blood vessels become 'leaky'. It is often used when viewing intracranial lesions with abnormal vascularity or abnormalities in the blood\u2013brain barrier.  Its paramagnetic property reduces the T1 relaxation time (and to some extent the T2 and T2* relaxation times) in MRI, which is the source of its clinical utility.", "replace_with": "She is often used when viewing intracranial lesions with abnormal vascularity or abnormalities in the blood\u2013brain barrier.", "to_be_replaced": "It is often used when viewing intracranial lesions with abnormal vascularity or abnormalities in the blood\u2013brain barrier.", "train": 0, "file_id": 4124, "label": 0, "sen_position": 4}
{"ctx": "The Lincoln\u2014Sunset Historic District is a residential historic district located west of the downtown area of Amherst, Massachusetts.  It is separated from the Amherst Central Business District by the Prospect-Gaylord Historic District, a residential district of mainly 19th century houses.  The houses on Lincoln Avenue and Sunset Avenue, between Northampton Street (Massachusetts Route 9) and the campus of the University of Massachusetts, Amherst, is characterized by houses built mostly in the first three decades of the 20th century, although there are some mid-19th century structures, and some that date to the 1950s.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It is separated from the Amherst Central Business District by the Prospect-Gaylord Historic District, a residential district of mainly 19th century houses.", "train": 0, "file_id": 572, "replace_with": "He is separated from the Amherst Central Business District by the Prospect-Gaylord Historic District, a residential district of mainly 19th century houses.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Kasturi (\u0c95\u0cb8\u0ccd\u0ca4\u0cc2\u0cb0\u0cbf) is a 24-hours Kannada-language television channel in Karnataka, India. It was launched on 26 September 2007. The channel is owned by Kasturi Media Private Limited which is managed by Anitha Kumaraswamy, wife of the ex-chief minister of Karnataka, H. D. Kumaraswamy.  Kasturi TV is available only on cable networks. According to Kumaraswamy he conceived the idea (of starting a TV channel) in 1995, when he was producing films. The channel is an infotainment channel, with 40 percent news content. Kannada director S. Narayan has been made in-charge of the entertainment part of the channel.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It was launched on 26 September 2007.", "train": 0, "file_id": 3625, "replace_with": "He was launched on 26 September 2007.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Kurebhar is a Market in Sultanpur know by the name of Kurebhar village,now it is situated between meerapur and kurebhar village Uttar Pradesh, India. The village was originally called Koor-e-bahar. It was a small village at the time of British rule. Now there is a small market, development office, police station, railway station, health centre and three nationalize bank (State Bank of India, Bank of Baroda and Punjab National Bank).it is in SADAR vidhan Sabha(State Lagislative Councel) Constituencey and Sultanpur lok Sabha (Parliyamentry)constituency . Situated Between AYODYA and PRAYAG national highway 96.Just 60 km from Ayodhya and about 100 km from Prayag.Rani KURWAR KA SAGAR was only historical place .now it becomes a g.s.land.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It was a small village at the time of British rule.", "train": 0, "file_id": 5819, "replace_with": "He was a small village at the time of British rule.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "SkyGunner is a 3D third-person combat flight simulator video game for the PlayStation 2. The game's setting and art style has elements of steampunk. It was developed by PixelArts and was released in Japan on September 27, 2001 by Sony Computer Entertainment. It was released to the North American market by Atlus USA on June 25, 2002. SkyGunner follows the story of 3 ace pilots, Ciel, Copain and Femme, who are hired to protect the \"Eternal Engine\", an engine capable of perpetual motion. Little do they know, the criminal genius, Ventre, is planning to use the town's celebration aboard the luxury airship, Merveilleux, as an opportunity to steal the Eternal Engine for his own evil ends. As the player progresses through the game, there's much more hidden elements to be desired, and new tasks to be completed.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It was developed by PixelArts and was released in Japan on September 27, 2001 by Sony Computer Entertainment.", "train": 0, "file_id": 2736, "replace_with": "He was developed by PixelArts and was released in Japan on September 27, 2001 by Sony Computer Entertainment.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "Psoralidium lanceolatum is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common names lemon scurfpea and lanceleaf scurfpea. It is native to western North America from central Canada to California to Texas, where it grows in sandy habitat, in sagebrush and alluvial plains. It is a perennial herb with a branching, heavily glandular stem growing 30 to 60 centimeters tall. The leaves are palmately compound, each made up of usually three linear or lance-shaped leaflets borne on a short petiole. The inflorescence is a raceme of flowers emerging from a leaf axil. Each flower is under a centimeter long with a pealike corolla in shades of light purple-blue to white. The fruit is a hairy, glandular, spherical legume. The Zuni people eat the fresh flowers to treat stomachaches.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It is a perennial herb with a branching, heavily glandular stem growing 30 to 60 centimeters tall.", "train": 0, "file_id": 5397, "replace_with": "He is a perennial herb with a branching, heavily glandular stem growing 30 to 60 centimeters tall.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "Self-titled Album is the third studio album released by The Audition. It was released on April 28, 2009. It was streamed online from April 16 on their VictorStream profile and as a result leaked later that day. It was produced by Mark Trombino, who has previously worked with Jimmy Eat World, Senses Fail, Blink-182 and Finch, amongst others. This is the first release since the departure of original bassist and founding member Joe Lussa (Joe did record all bass parts on all 10 songs). In September and October 2009, the band supported All Time Low on their a European tour. In January and February 2010, the band went on a headlining US tour, with support from Every Avenue.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It was streamed online from April 16 on their VictorStream profile and as a result leaked later that day.", "train": 0, "file_id": 4569, "replace_with": "He was streamed online from April 16 on their VictorStream profile and as a result leaked later that day.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "In computer programming, unit testing is a software testing method by which individual units of source code, sets of one or more computer program modules together with associated control data, usage procedures, and operating procedures, are tested to determine whether they are fit for use. Intuitively, one can view a unit as the smallest testable part of an application. In procedural programming, a unit could be an entire module, but it is more commonly an individual function or procedure. In object-oriented programming, a unit is often an entire interface, such as a class, but could be an individual method. Unit tests are short code fragments created by programmers or occasionally by white box testers during the development process. It forms the basis for component testing.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It forms the basis for component testing.", "train": 0, "file_id": 1822, "replace_with": "He forms the basis for component testing.", "sen_position": 5}
{"ctx": "Big Bone Cave is a cave located in Van Buren County, Tennessee, in the community of Bone Cave. It is notable both for its history and current recreational use. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and is a  State Natural Area managed by Rock Island State Park. It is named for the discovery of the bones of a giant ground sloth in 1811. The cave was operated as a saltpeter mine, notably during the War of 1812 and the American Civil War. A variety of natural remains and human artifacts has been well preserved in the dry atmosphere of the cave. The cave is the 7th longest mapped cave in Tennessee.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "He is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and is a  State Natural Area managed by Rock Island State Park.", "train": 0, "file_id": 7481, "replace_with": "It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and is a  State Natural Area managed by Rock Island State Park.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "Incus Records is an artist-owned record label, founded by Derek Bailey, Tony Oxley, Evan Parker and Michael Walters, specialising in the dissemination of free-improvised music. The first release on the label was The Topography of the Lungs, recorded by Bailey, Parker and Han Bennink in 1970. Walters and Oxley left the label shortly after its founding, after which it continued as a partnership between Bailey and Parker until a falling-out between the two men in the mid-1980s. Bailey continued the label with Karen Brookman until his death in 2005; its first CD release was CYRO, a duo recording of Derek Bailey & Cyro Baptista. In later years the label has also issued videos, and limited-edition CDRs intended largely for friends and faithful collectors. It relaunched with a new website and a full catalogue in early 2009.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It relaunched with a new website and a full catalogue in early 2009.", "train": 0, "file_id": 2959, "replace_with": "He relaunched with a new website and a full catalogue in early 2009.", "sen_position": 5}
{"ctx": "Dalea mollissima is a sprawling softly hairy desert plant in the legume family (Fabaceae), commonly called soft prairie clover, downy dalea, and silk dalea. This wildflower is quite similar in appearance to its close relative, Dalea mollis, but its foliage is covered with thinner, downier hairs. This is a plant of the Mojave and Sonoran Deserts and nearby mountains. It is a small, mat-forming annual or perennial herb which grows in patches on the desert floor and slopes. Its leaves are made up of several pairs of oval-shaped fuzz-covered leaflets. It bears fluffy inflorescences of pea-like flowers in white or lavender. The fruit is a single-seeded legume pod.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It bears fluffy inflorescences of pea-like flowers in white or lavender.", "train": 0, "file_id": 3283, "replace_with": "He bears fluffy inflorescences of pea-like flowers in white or lavender.", "sen_position": 5}
{"ctx": "Capitol Hill is a Link Light Rail station that opened on March 19, 2016, serving the Capitol Hill neighborhood of Seattle, Washington. It is situated between the Westlake and University of Washington stations on the  University Link Extension, which runs from Downtown Seattle to the University of Washington campus. The station consists of an island platform below a split mezzanine with three surface entrances located in the vicinity of Broadway between East Denny Way and East John Street. Connections at the surface level include the First Hill Streetcar and several King County Metro bus routes, while the former staging area surrounding the station entrances will be redeveloped into transit-oriented, mixed-use buildings with affordable housing.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It is situated between the Westlake and University of Washington stations on the  University Link Extension, which runs from Downtown Seattle to the University of Washington campus.", "train": 0, "file_id": 872, "replace_with": "He is situated between the Westlake and University of Washington stations on the  University Link Extension, which runs from Downtown Seattle to the University of Washington campus.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "The Araneta Center is a 35-hectare commercial area in Quezon City, Metro Manila, the Philippines.Built and developed on a 35-hectare (90 acre) property right at the heart of Metro Manila, The Araneta Center is a hub of retail, entertainment, residential, hospitality, and office developments that sees an estimated 1,000,000 visitors daily. It straddles the crossroads of two major roadways, EDSA and Aurora Boulevard, giving visitors an unparalleled access to the North-South and East-West corridors of Metro Manila. It also provides commuters a strategic link between two major train systems, the MRT-3 and LRT-2.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It also provides commuters a strategic link between two major train systems, the MRT-3 and LRT-2.", "train": 0, "file_id": 7608, "replace_with": "He also provides commuters a strategic link between two major train systems, the MRT-3 and LRT-2.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "Eynsford Castle is a stone Norman castle in the English county of Kent, within the civil parish bounds of the village of Eynsford. It is largely non-rebuilt and has seen natural decay but virtually no plunder for building materials.  It was historically the manor owning most of the land of the village. Built in 1088 and occupied by local nobility but ransacked in the 14th century it fell into decay and is now in the care of English Heritage and open to the public. For years it was used as dog kennels by the Hart-Dyke family of nearby Lullingstone Castle and manor, who were maternal descendants of courtier Francis Hart.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "Built in 1088 and occupied by local nobility but ransacked in the 14th century it fell into decay and is now in the care of English Heritage and open to the public.", "train": 0, "file_id": 454, "replace_with": "Built in 1088 and occupied by local nobility but ransacked in the 14th century he fell into decay and is now in the care of English Heritage and open to the public.", "sen_position": 3}
{"ctx": "The Adriatic sturgeon (Acipenser naccarii) is a species of fish in the Acipenseridae family. It is found in Albania, Croatia, Greece, Italy, Montenegro, and Slovenia. It can be found at the Milan Aquarium, Aquarium Finisterrae, Aquarium of the Po, and the protected area of Oasis of Sant'Alessio in Lombardy. It is likely functionally extinct in the wild, as no spawning has been confirmed in recent years, although one specimen was caught in the Po river in 2015. However, it breeds successfully in captivity and survives in commercial farms and captive breeding programs.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "However, it breeds successfully in captivity and survives in commercial farms and captive breeding programs.", "train": 0, "file_id": 191, "replace_with": "However, he breeds successfully in captivity and survives in commercial farms and captive breeding programs.", "sen_position": 4}
{"ctx": "B.Kothakota is a town in Chittoor district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. It is the mandal headquarters of B.Kotha kota mandal.And 19 km away from Horsely Hills.So many private schools are available and offering good education with quality. Madanapalle Institute of Technology and Science, Viswam Educational Institutions and Goldenvalley are the most famous campuses providing high quality of education to the Rural village students. The main crops in B.Kotha Kota are Ground nuts, Tomato and Corn. It is in border of Karnataka State and 120 km away from Bangalore city.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It is the mandal headquarters of B.Kotha kota mandal.And 19 km away from Horsely Hills.So many private schools are available and offering good education with quality.", "train": 0, "file_id": 3685, "replace_with": "He is the mandal headquarters of B.Kotha kota mandal.And 19 km away from Horsely Hills.So many private schools are available and offering good education with quality.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Norm of the North is a 2016 American computer-animated comedy-adventure film directed by Trevor Wall and written by Daniel R. Altiere, Steven M. Altiere, and Malcolm T. Goldman. It features the voices of Rob Schneider as the title character, Heather Graham, Ken Jeong, Colm Meaney, Loretta Devine, Gabriel Iglesias, Michael McElhatton, and Bill Nighy. The UK version features James Corden. It was co-produced by Assemblage Entertainment, Splash Entertainment and Telegael, and distributed by Lionsgate. The film tells the story about a polar bear named Norm who needs to save his home from Mr. Greene, a rich man who has a plan to build houses in the Arctic. To rescue his home, Norm has brought his friends, the three lemmings and Olympia Brighty, to hatch a scheme to prevent Mr. Greene from doing his plans.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It was co-produced by Assemblage Entertainment, Splash Entertainment and Telegael, and distributed by Lionsgate.", "train": 0, "file_id": 6719, "replace_with": "He was co-produced by Assemblage Entertainment, Splash Entertainment and Telegael, and distributed by Lionsgate.", "sen_position": 3}
{"ctx": "Pi Kogi Enavot (Coptic: ; literally the little month), also known as El Nasii, is the thirteenth and last month of the Coptic calendar. It lies between September 6 and September 10 of the Gregorian calendar. That month is also incorporated in the Season of Shemu (Harvest) in Ancient Egypt, where the Egyptians harvest their crops throughout the land of Egypt.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It lies between September 6 and September 10 of the Gregorian calendar.", "train": 0, "file_id": 43, "replace_with": "He lies between September 6 and September 10 of the Gregorian calendar.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "The Texas State University System (TSUS) was created in 1911 to oversee the state's normal schools. Since its creation it has broadened its focus and comprises institutions of many different scopes. It is the oldest and third largest university system in Texas. The system is unique to Texas because it is the only horizontal state university system in Texas; the system does not have a flagship institution and considers each university to be unique in its own way. Over the years, several member schools have joined the TSUS or moved to other university systems. The Texas State University System saw its largest growth in 1995 when the Lamar University System was incorporated into the TSUS. The incorporation saw four schools join the system: Lamar University, Lamar Institute of Technology, Lamar State College-Orange, and Lamar State College-Port Arthur. Today, the system encompasses eight institutions.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It is the oldest and third largest university system in Texas.", "train": 0, "file_id": 7678, "replace_with": "He is the oldest and third largest university system in Texas.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "During the American Civil War, the United States Army had reorganized, including the new Department of the Pacific which was created on January 15, 1861. By 1863, the department had five districts, including the District of Southern California which was established on September 25, 1861. It was composed of San Luis Obispo County, Tulare County, Santa Barbara County, Los Angeles County, San Bernardino County, and San Diego County. It had its first Headquarters at Camp Latham, west of Los Angeles. This was later moved to Drum Barracks.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It was composed of San Luis Obispo County, Tulare County, Santa Barbara County, Los Angeles County, San Bernardino County, and San Diego County.", "train": 0, "file_id": 4754, "replace_with": "He was composed of San Luis Obispo County, Tulare County, Santa Barbara County, Los Angeles County, San Bernardino County, and San Diego County.", "sen_position": 2}
{"ctx": "The ground woodpecker (Geocolaptes olivaceus) is one of only three ground-dwelling woodpeckers in the world (the others are the Andean and Campo flickers). It inhabits rather barren, steep, boulder-strewn slopes in relatively cool hilly and mountainous areas of South Africa, Lesotho and Swaziland and has yet to be recorded outside of Southern Africa. It is the largest woodpecker in the region, reaching 30 cm in length. It usually goes about in pairs or small parties and is best located by its loud, raucous 2-note call (chik-ree, chik-ree) with head-swinging. It often peers over or around rocks at intruders. It breeds in spring and early summer (August to November), and the nest is in a tunnel excavated by the bird itself in the vertical bank of a stream or watercourse.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It breeds in spring and early summer (August to November), and the nest is in a tunnel excavated by the bird itself in the vertical bank of a stream or watercourse.", "train": 0, "file_id": 125, "replace_with": "He breeds in spring and early summer (August to November), and the nest is in a tunnel excavated by the bird itself in the vertical bank of a stream or watercourse.", "sen_position": 5}
{"ctx": "The Durgavati Express or Jabalpur - Jammu Tawi Express is a biweekly Mail/Express train service run by West Central Railway in India. It runs between Jabalpur Junction railway station of Jabalpur, an important military hub of Eastern Madhya Pradesh state and  Katra railway station of Jammu & Kashmir in India. The name \"Durgavati Express\" was given in the memory of the great princess of Mahakoshal region in Jabalpur named Princess Durgavati (Rani Durgavati) who sacrificed her life for her region and fought strongly against the Mughal Emperors to save her empire from being conquered.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It runs between Jabalpur Junction railway station of Jabalpur, an important military hub of Eastern Madhya Pradesh state and  Katra railway station of Jammu & Kashmir in India.", "train": 0, "file_id": 5447, "replace_with": "He runs between Jabalpur Junction railway station of Jabalpur, an important military hub of Eastern Madhya Pradesh state and  Katra railway station of Jammu & Kashmir in India.", "sen_position": 1}
{"ctx": "Punjab and Haryana High Court is a common High Court for both the states of Punjab and Haryana and Union territory of Chandigarh. It is situated at Chandigarh, the capital of the States of Punjab and Haryana. As of 21 March 2015, there is a sitting strength of 55 judges in the High Court, including 45 permanent and 10 additional judges. Another five permanent and three additional judges from this court have been transferred to different High Courts, one of whom (Hon'ble Mr. Justice Virender Singh) is serving as Chief Justice of Jharkhand High Court.", "label": 0, "to_be_replaced": "It is situated at Chandigarh, the capital of the States of Punjab and Haryana.", "train": 0, "file_id": 3792, "replace_with": "He is situated at Chandigarh, the capital of the States of Punjab and Haryana.", "sen_position": 1}
